Prompt: What would you say is your greatest talent or skill? How have you developed and demonstrated that talent over time?

Content: "I am disappointed." Right after the race, what was waiting for me was a shaking head and this line that was then imprinted on my mind.

I joined the swimming team in seventh grade to keep a childhood hobby alive. Fortunately, my coach especially looked out for me and was willing to work overtime to instruct me on swimming techniques. In just a year, I rapidly improved, and my coach felt I was ready for a regional competition. I was excited for my first competition; most of all, it was time to pay back my coach by doing well.

On the day of the competition, the pressure was palpable—I ruined my first-ever competition completely. Seeing my coach with his arms crossed over his chest sent shivers down my spine. That was also when he told me the words I would never forget.

However, my determination and commitment remained strong. The next day, I was the first to arrive at the pool. Training started at six in the morning. 2,000 meters to go, then a quick shower, and it was off to school. Back in the pool at five, the afternoon training schedule features an additional 3,000 meters. This became my routine for the year, no matter how sore my muscles were, how cold the weather was, or how infected my pink eye was.

Finally, the annual swimming competition came again. With the blow of a whistle, I leaped into the water. My mind was focused. With the blink of an eye, I touched the finishing wall. I looked toward the timer—I had just beaten my personal best record by almost five seconds. I leaped out of the water with tears in my eyes and gave my coach a big hug.

Swimming has taught me that the difference between success and failure is defined by the ability to turn obstacles into motivation and persist in what I do. With one-part optimism and one-part perseverance, my ability to reshape my adversities has become core to my identity and gives me the courage to face challenges and unknowns in the future.