Think about an academic subject that inspires you. Describe how you have furthered this interest inside and/or outside of the classroom.

As I listened to UC Professor Maloy’s lecture about the wonders of molecular biology, I started to realize just how much I have yet to discover about the brilliant designs of nature.





Intrigued by the practical applications of molecular biology, I started interning at a biotechnology startup near my house that was developing a pharmaceutical testing apparatus called PAMPA Dissolution, a novel approach to testing drug permeability in the gastrointestinal tract using artificial membranes. 





Contrary to my expectations, I was not greeted with a warm introduction to the lab. Instead, a researcher provided me with seven different daunting studies on PAMPA.  Like a fish out of water, I found myself surrounded by a group of experienced researchers. I knew I had to catch up. I spent weeks going through all the papers, asking for clarifications whenever I visited their lab. 





I would spend hours staring intensively at PAMPA Dissolution, trying to figure out how all of its components worked. Never did I feel worn out, because what I was looking at was a piece of art to me, a beautiful product of engineering: it had two compartments, one dedicated to the dissolution of drugs and the other for permeation, both connected to a computer on which a graphing software automatically depicted the data. It was a breath of fresh air: as much as I have studied biology, I have encountered nothing close to this kind of novel technology within the walls of a classroom. 





After I finally understood how the instrument worked, I helped with the trials by testing a generic drug called telmisartan repeatedly, and I made alterations to the lipid content of the PAMPA membrane so the results would become more consistent. When we finally achieved satisfactory results, I wrote a research paper on PAMPA Dissolution and had it published in a peer-reviewed journal.





This experience opened my eyes to a world of biotechnology that I realized I had only seen a small sliver of. I could only imagine what more I can uncover at the UCs from classes with brilliant professors and peers, research opportunities, and clubs.