Prompt: Think about an academic subject that inspires you. Describe how you’ve furthered this interest inside and/or outside the classroom.

Content: From an early age, I was captivated by the ability to wield power over life and death. Cartoons and documentaries depicting remarkable physicians engaged in intricate medical feats filled my imagination. Enchanted by these narratives, I’d lose myself for hours while reading, much like any child absorbed in the magic of fictional worlds.

Living with the intermittent tics of Tourette’s Syndrome often puzzled me. Freshman year biology unveiled that all cellular DNA is identical, yet manifest diverse traits through gene expression. Continuing my exploration of biology throughout high school, I competed in the British Biology Olympiad in 2022 and 2023 and won Silver both years. Biology and math go hand in hand, so I also competed in the Singapore & Asian Schools Math Olympiad 2023, winning Bronze. During junior year summer, I enrolled in a biology summer course with Professor Arri Eisen and discovered the realm of epigenetics, in which genes respond to environmental cues. The epiphany struck: perhaps epigenetics was key in triggering my Tourette’s in response to stressors!

That summer, I did research with Dr. Eisen, exploring the microbiome’s interaction with SARS-CoV-2. I theorized in a paper that microbes can suppress symptom manifestation and proposed an experiment to validate this concept. In college, I envision myself fully engaging in the world of biological research at a lab, collaborating with like-minded peers and accomplished mentors to explore epigenetics further. The realm of epigenetics has led me to believe that understanding how genes react to environmental cues can potentially unravel complex disorders of all kinds.

In my life, biology has become more than a subject; it’s an inspiration that fuels my curiosity and thinking as I examine and apply the mechanisms to different scenarios. At school, I act as a Biology TA, helping to design class experiments. I tutor my classmates in biology and have been told my enthusiasm encourages my students to learn as well. Guided by my passion, I aspire to unravel more of life’s intricacies as a doctor, applying my knowledge to improve everyone's health. Biology, once merely a collection of captivating tales, now embodies my academic zeal.