Prompt: What have you done to make your school or your community a better place?

Content: As the child of an elementary school teacher, I have always wanted to have a chance to teach others to feel the responsibility students will never have.

My dream finally came true in eighth grade when I had the opportunity to teach English to elementary children from local Taiwanese schools in a book reading club. In the beginning, the students barely understood the stories and the language, but slowly, the confused look on their faces faded as we read more books and their vocabulary expanded. This experience made me realize the fun of teaching does not come from the privilege of having my students listen to or follow my words; instead, it comes from the fulfilling smile on their faces when they are able to follow along with the stories.

Back in school, I volunteered as a student assistant in the fourth-grade class and continued to help others with their English. Yet, it was not that easy this time. A Japanese girl in the class was having a hard time keeping up with the lessons and refused to communicate with me at first when I tried to help out. I then devised a plan for striking up a conversation with her by bringing up her favorite animal. With my successful attempt, I began to teach her English after school and tried my best to translate course materials into Japanese with the help of technology. Admittedly, my Japanese translations were often far from perfect; however, I saw the improvement in her English, where she became able to understand in class and hold conversations with others.

Outside of school, I joined a peer tutoring program for lower-income students and was paired with a local high school student who had a clear goal to pass the intermediate-level Taiwanese General English Proficiency Test. We broke down each section of the test to identify concepts that she was unfamiliar with, and she eventually passed the test. Meanwhile, I came to realize the importance of understanding the condition that people are in through communication to better help them adapt to various situations and achieve their goals.