Prompt: Describe an example of your leadership experience in which you have positively influenced others, helped resolve disputes, or contributed to group efforts over time.

Content: Since age 10, scouting has always been my place to relax and have fun away from the pressures of school. I've spent most of my weekends and summers at scout activities; I've always been proud to be a scout.

So when our troop was almost disbanded last year for lack of recruits, I was struck by overwhelming sadness. I realized I had taken this community for granted, overlooking the invisible efforts of dedicated scout leaders. It was up to me to turn things around. I campaigned for and was elected senior patrol leader, taking on all the responsibilities from organizing meetings to directing admissions. Logistics were one thing, but I never imagined the hardest part would be training the new scouts and overcoming their resistance to our culture.

Our new recruits were characteristically rebellious and sarcastic middle schoolers. And no one was more so than Oswald.

Oswald had been forced to join by his mother, and at the welcoming ceremony, when someone asked him why he had joined scouting, he answered: "I don't care about scouting at all. I'll quit as soon as I can."

His lousy attitude persisted. As scout leader, I looked for ways to help him enjoy scouting. One-on-one talks. Candy bribes. Nothing worked.

One day, I noticed that Oswald's lock screen was a beautiful picture of a coral reef. A great idea began to emerge in my mind: that summer, our troop would do something we had never done before-a one-week scub diving campout. And I had an extra twist in mindt: a pokemon (Oswald's favorite game) adventure, with cards scattered in many places, even underwater, in a sort of treasure hunt.

I'd never seen Oswald smile so much as after that campout. He started to take part in activities, even walking at the front of the troop like he couldn't wait for what was next. I'd finally found a way to bring him in.

Being troop leader has forced me to continually be innovative with building our community. Though it is sometimes difficult, the sense of achievement from seeing my scouts engaged is priceless.