Prompt: Describe an example of your leadership experience in which you have positively influenced others, helped resolve disputes or contributed to group efforts over time.  

Content: Emergency notice: HCAS Times will soon be closed due to a missing club mentor.

Staring at the school's email, I was determined to revive the club. I just became the editor-in-chief of the newspaper club, HCAS Times, when this unfortunate news hit.

This was destined to be a challenging matter. The unexpected departure of the club mentor right before the start of the semester posed a significant threat, as we needed to find a mentor in less than two weeks. I rapidly took action by phoning and sending emails to the club members and school staff, asking for their help recommending and reaching out to a suitable teacher. Within a few days, I was able to contact a new English teacher who was more than happy to help.

After settling the mentor issue, another arose during the school year regarding the venue for publishing our articles. Previously, the school had always printed out hard copies for us to hand out to the student body and parents; however, this year, the school will no longer do so. To resolve the situation, I sat down with the school management team to request reopening the printing and drafted a proposal to our Parent-Teacher Association to support it, but unfortunately, both appeals were denied.

All the pressure was on me, and I know that I cannot let all our members' hard work just go to waste. That was when I took a step back and looked at the situation to seek alternative solutions. I eventually came up with a brilliant idea to publish our articles online, where I can create a platform through my expertise in computer science. I immediately coordinated with our club members with related experience, and in a week, we came up with the framework of our online platform. With some finishing touches from our art director, our articles were online for the first time. Meanwhile, it was rewarding to see a close community of three members expand to twenty over time and together continue to promote all sorts of school events while cooperating with the school and other student organizations.