Prompt: Every person has a creative side, and it can be expressed in many ways: problem solving, original and innovative thinking, and artistically, to name a few. Describe how you express your creative side.

Content: On my 7th birthday, I discovered the first thing I truly hated: a spirograph set. 

I eagerly positioned the tip of my pencil in the gear, tracing around the jagged teeth, excited to replicate the intricate patterns advertised on the box. But as the lines danced across the sheet of paper, they seemed to follow their own chaotic will, refusing to obey the orders from my hands. When I lifted the tool, I was met with a jumbled mess of dismay. Frustrated, I traded the boxful of empty promises in favor of markers and paints—tools that bent to the will of my imagination, where every stroke was mine to command. 

However, I learned to appreciate the same chaos years later in front of the podium. The first thing I discovered about debate was that no matter how meticulously I arm myself with rebuttals, the opposing team will always find a way to tear down my carefully plotted line of defense. My first debate centered around the cliché topic of whether technology use should be permitted in classrooms. After my opponent presented a laundry list of potential harms, I was momentarily at a loss for words. Then, a thought crystallized in my head—I argued that the presence of risks does not justify an outright ban—much like it would be unreasonable to bad oranges simply because a child might choke on a seed. The analogy turned the tide of the round and showed me what real creativity entailed: creativity isn’t about mastering control but finding freedom within unpredictability and allowing the weeds of innovative thinking to sprout within the faults of preplanned structure.

This realization has molded not only my way of approaching debate but the process of tackling challenges in all aspects of my life. Whether it’s coming up with a new strategy to tackle a challenging sudoku puzzle or bridging incompatible groups together, I now see obstacles as a way to thrive. The motto of the spirograph now serves as the guiding light through my life: embrace the mess, work with the unexpected, and trust in the spontaneity that emerges. 