Prompt: What would you say is your greatest talent or skill? How have you developed and demonstrated that talent over time? (adapting, learning new cultures, etc)

Content: Born in New York, I have lived abroad most of my life: Shanghai for 8 years and Taiwan making up most of the rest. Navigating these extremes has molded my international perspective, and I easily adapt to culture shocks. Embracing my Taiwanese heritage, American nationality and Shanghainese influences has nurtured my skill of effortlessly connecting with people from various backgrounds. 

Shanghai’s cosmopolitan environment contrasts sharply with Taiwan’s more traditional ambiance, and the US is a mixture of lifestyles. A stark departure from Shanghai’s bustling commercial districts and fast-paced daily life, my rural home of Hsinchu, Taiwan, emphasizes family values and customs. During holidays, I participate in home clean-ups, cleaning staircases and picking up dead cockroaches. Although singled out for my Chinese accent, contrary to the customary Taiwanese one, I believe that my global mindset is an asset. Filled with stories from abroad, I am able to bridge the culture gap by sharing my experiences with my relatives and friends.

Living in the US for freshman year, I learned to appreciate its diversified culture and how the American educational system encourages students to voice their opinions openly, fostering critical thinking.  American emphasis on personal expression, self-reliance, and pursuit of one’s dreams is a direct contrast to the more Asian collectivist values of family, community, and tradition. Interacting with classmates from dissimilar backgrounds has enriched my perspective, and I love sharing my Asian heritage. I have become more attentive to small details in other people’s motions and habits of speaking, as they convey certain personality traits. My ability to adapt, appreciate, and respect these differences, honed while living in the US, has allowed me to forge strong bonds. 

My love for American culture drives me to return here for college. While country-hopping, I noticed that worldwide interconnectedness has become more apparent than ever. My experiences are not limited to any one country, but serve as a microcosm of the broader world, reflecting the broader interplay between tradition and technology. My unique background and the experiences I accumulated living in different countries equips me to contribute to disparate communities by fostering dialogue.
