Prompt: Think about an academic subject that inspires you. Describe how you have furthered this interest inside and/or outside of the classroom.

Content: Sunshine is critical to a turtle's health, but no one wants to find a turtle with blood in its mouth after falling from the balcony during its daily sunbath. Panicked, I immediately looked for a vet, but the closest animal hospital with a herpetologist was a two-hour drive from home-I didn't have a driver's license, let alone a car. All I could do was say goodbye as my turtle expired.

I didn't have the skills to help then, but I swore to never be so helpless again.

The next year, I immediately signed up for AP Biology. From there, I got the opportunity to be a lab assistant in Tsinghua University Biomedical Laboratory the following year: here was the chance to gain practical experience with small animals, learning how to track a medicine's route through an animal via IVIS spectrum, quantifying cell volume with trypan blue dye and a formula. I learned so much basic anatomy, and also did special experiments like trying to activate the immune response in mouse bone marrow cells.

A month ago, despite having added a metal dog cage for safety, one turtle still managed to escape. However, this time, I was prepared. There was no blood coming from its mouth, but its shell had a clean crack running through its beautiful pattern. I checked whether the injury was mostly external, or if it had also affected the turtle's internal plastron. Looking at the shell, I knew applying hemostasis to the bone part - where the blood vessels are, rather than the layer of stratum corneum - would be key. Next would be a tough few weeks of giving my turtle the appropriate medicine and nutrients. But at least, my turtle had a chance.

Although there is a notch on my turtle's shell, it is now healthy and full of vitality. I've continued to work in the laboratory, and hope to move on to human anatomy, learning what it takes to be a biomedical technician. I'm grateful to have been able to save my turtle, and one day, maybe I'll be able to save humans too.
