Prompt: Think about an academic subject that inspires you. Describe how you have furthered this interest inside and/or outside of the classroom.

Content: I squinted at my screen, displaying a grayscale image of a chest scan, and observed the abnormal heart size. How could this machine detect something a trained doctor had missed? It was my first hands-on AI project, using computer vision to identify diseases from radiological images. Though the program my team had built was relatively simple, its performance transcended my expectations. From not knowing how AI processes information to utilizing machine learning and deep learning to perform such a feat, this was a significant milestone for me. This brief moment at AI Medical Science Camp cemented my interest in AI; I hoped to uncover the secrets behind these screens as I began my journey into artificial intelligence. 

Later that summer, I enrolled in the Inspirit AI program. I collaborated with peers on my first large-scale programming project—building an object detection model for automobiles. While expanding my repertoire of practical experience, this project also deepened my appreciation for the underlying mathematics of AI, as we trained neural networks to process data and make instant decisions in our model. From a simple neural network to becoming an expert model, our project improved from an accuracy of 72% to 95%. Observing how this project had the potential to mitigate catastrophic car accidents, I began to realize the limitless ways society could benefit from AI.

During the following academic year,  I took AP CSA to further solidify my programming skills through numerous projects, expanding on my previous summer programs. I also took the opportunity to present at my school’s World Science Day event about AI, from the big-picture implications across various industries to the technical minutia of neural networks.

Last summer, building on my experience in technology and tutoring, I interned for an educational tech firm, NaoNow. This foray into the burgeoning field of generative AI represented the culmination of my high school explorations. Looking forward to college, I am excited to see how my four years at the University of California will best prepare me for a career in this rapidly evolving field.