Prompt: What have you done to make your school or your community a better place?

Content: I love animals. I have 6 turtles, two cats, and a dog. When I was younger, I always enjoyed watching all the exotic animals interacting in their natural habitats on National Geographic WILD. But I was heartbroken watching clips of sea turtles getting hurt by plastic straws and leopard cats getting hit by cars. I had to do something about it. So in 8th grade, I joined Boy Scouts and put my focus on ecological community services. However, even with these activities and the Boy Scouts, I felt I wasn't doing enough.

It was last summer that I heard there was a government volunteer environmental program recruiting new ecological volunteers. There was no way I could let this opportunity pass. Even though school was only getting busier, I still signed up for the training courses. That was just the first step: 30 hours of ecological training, including 10 hours outdoors in muddy wetlands while it was pouring. However, the image of the sea turtle suffering from plastics kept appearing in my head. I withstood the challenges and passed the training course.

Our duties were unrelenting: on holidays and weekends - including Lunar New Year - we had responsibilities of a minimum of 3 hours every day. During the summer, three hours felt even longer in the humid, scorching Taiwan heat. But no matter how tired or exhausted I felt, it was simple expressions of gratitude, like the ones from the Wild Bird Federations about our effort in rebuilding native birds' habitats, that kept me going. Knowing our efforts were recognized and valued, I would remember that all of this was for the animals. With that, my determination to persevere and make contributions even in the face of obstacles would be wholly renewed.

In fact, this year, our efforts have yielded a significant increase in the population of little terns migrating to the wetland for reproduction. Every improvement happens step-by-step, but added up over time, we can make a difference.