Prompt: Some students have a background, identity, interest, or talent that is so meaningful they believe their application would be incomplete without it. If this sounds like you, then please share your story

Content: There’s a force that pulls my mind away. Starting at seven years old, my muscles would twitch spontaneously, my head would tremble intermittently, my thoughts would be consumed by unrelenting fixations, and I would be filled with urges to twitch and screech. I have always stood apart from my peers due to my tics and its peculiar cycle of dormancy and manifestation. Living abroad in Shanghai, where physical conditions are still heavily stigmatized, my classmates ostracized me, while my teachers punished me with detention. The most disconcerting incidents occurred in public spaces. I vividly remember a time when I screeched as I entered a mall, and bystanders branded me a “psycho.” Such episodes were commonplace in my life. 

My condition? Tourette’s Syndrome. 

Upon introspection, imagining myself in someone else’s shoes, I realized that I would feel irritation as well. I felt solace in this understanding, but the stigma was still hard to bear. As a rising freshman, I decided to attend high school in the US to practice my English and have a fresh start. I lived with a host family while the rest of my family moved back to Taiwan, my home country. Online school during COVID was already difficult, and I found MUN especially challenging. To my dismay, stress exacerbated my tics. After years of latency, they returned with heightened intensity. I emitted inexplicable noises daily, causing my host parents and roommates to voice discontent. The silence of the night amplified my premonitory urges; trying to suppress my tics, I grappled even more with the desire to make sounds. The more I dwelled on these urges, the harder they became to suppress. Paradoxically, the more I disregarded them, the more consistently the tics surfaced. These conflicting symptoms burdened me, and I struggled to focus on school. Overwhelmed with uncertainty, I wondered if the host family would kick me out. I was a newcomer — why should they tolerate me?

The time came to confront the situation. My host parents, expressing concern, offered to take me to a doctor. Despite knowing that Tourette’s had no cure, I consented to taking vitamins and fish oil supplements in the spirit of cooperation. Nothing worked. Eventually, the news of my spasms reached my parents, although I had not wanted them, an ocean away, to worry about me. My condition continued to linger, and I confined myself to my room for days on end in embarrassment and shame. 

As the school year drew to a close, I returned to Taiwan to be with my family. I discovered a captivating sport — badminton. To my astonishment, the severity of my tics decreased when I played; this was a miracle. Upon reflection, I realized that the solution did not lie within textbooks or research, but simply in a change of mindset. Immersed in something I loved, my mind ceased to struggle with Tourette’s relentless assault, and the tics went away. I could spend entire afternoons playing badminton, relishing the joy of sweat and lack of shakes. 

By ceasing to fret about my tics and accepting them as an integral part of me, they became a catalyst for personal growth. In the words of Hellen Keller, “Once I fretted and beat myself against the wall that shut me in. Now I rejoice in the consciousness that I can think, act and attain heaven.” Like her, I’ve come to rejoice in the strength and resilience I have developed to navigate life’s challenges. Determined to overcome this disorder, I have pursued my aspirations with unwavering determination, embracing the obstacles that lie ahead. 

This journey made me realize the pivotal role healthcare providers play in medical challenges. Over the years, my doctors have been pillars of hope. Between my own fight with Tourette's and my empathy towards those with physical and mental struggles, my experiences have kindled a passion to pursue a medical career to help others in need.