Prompt: Discuss an accomplishment, event, or realization that sparked a period of personal growth and a new understanding of yourself or others. 

Content: As the last whistle of the game blew, the Lynbrook girls’ basketball team secured their spot as third in the Santa Clara Valley Athletics League. As the team captain, I felt proud of ourselves and our journey. Like all other teams, it took us some time to grow and come together as one, but I am glad we did not give up on trying. In the end, with all our hard work, we finished third. 

In the beginning, most drills did not go smoothly because most of us were unfamiliar with each other, and it was a challenge when we wanted to pass the ball. As the oldest team member, I told myself that I should do something to break the ice. Therefore, I talked to the coach and asked if we could let everyone come ten minutes earlier than usual for the next week of practice. Despite suspicions, I encouraged everyone to introduce themselves during drills to build a bond. From discussing our hobbies and backgrounds to tactical discussions regarding everyone’s areas for improvement while warming up together, I saw a drastic improvement in our morale, and I was able to lead the drills more smoothly. To work on our shortcomings, such as long-range passing, I would propose the team practice together as we practice passing while running across the court, allowing us to practice stamina and ensure that no one gets left behind. 

A week after that, the coach told me that the team had nominated me as the team captain. Feeling honored, I accepted the offer because I would love to give everything I have to help this team grow. However, new problems arose as practice continued, as people started to forget about the strategies and plays we had planned for our games because there were too many of them. There was one game when one of the guards forgot to run to the corner, disrupting our pace, and we lost that possession. When we had a break between quarters, I pulled the teammate over and started drawing on the whiteboard with arrows indicating each person’s responsibilities to remind everyone where they should go. Realizing that drawing our play on the whiteboard might not be enough, I organized the team into small groups based on our positions on the court, so each group got three guards and two bigs to run plays and point mistakes. 

Going into the league games season, we faced teams that were even more skilled and challenging to play against. Determined to cheer up my team to continue doing our best after losing three games in a row, I asked my coach and the team’s parents to host a team dinner. At the team dinner, I gave a pep talk about how giving up was too early, and we could still win the rest and achieve the goal we set at the start of the season - the top three in our league. Most of the team was encouraged and seemed more energetic in the practices afterward as we returned to a winning streak and regained our confidence. This taught me how to think positively to encourage my teammates and myself. 

As a captain, I learned how to encourage my teammates, preparing me for the rest of high school and leadership experiences as I became more confident leading members while pursuing a shared goal. I believe this leadership engagement will become instrumental as I join the university’s basketball team, care for my teammates, and always be there when they need me.
