Would you like to share any additional details or qualifications not reflected in the application?*
I am a kid with a lot of thoughts and ideas in my head and a love of tinkering. One of my favorite hobbies since childhood has been re-creating anything and everything I see: drawings, stories, movies, robots. I still remember that my favorite thing to do in first grade was illustrate the textbooks—especially Literature. I filled two whole pages of my English textbook with a rendition of a Sudanese scene from the story “A Long Walk to Water.”
 
When I discovered my father had a toolbox and I was no longer limited to pen and paper, my excitement skyrocketed. I started by building my pet hamster a shelter that I had been designing in my head for a long time with a glue gun and popsicle sticks. I ended up building more than 6 shelters for the hamster before it left me. However, my first project with actual automatic tools came at a construction summer camp the next year. We had to build a shelter not for a hamster, but for ourselves.
 
The more skills and experiences I acquire, the bigger the dreams I can turn into actions, and this eventually leads to my greatest project till today, which is a 3-meter-high ecosystem for my turtles. As a big fan of turtles, I’ve been having them as pets for years, and giving them an environment that greatly resembles the natural environment is always a dream of mine. I started with building its structure which is made up of metal sticks and wooden boards, in order to make it alterable, I dug grooves and stuck them together instead of nailing them. Next is my favorite part, which is waterworks. In order to resemble the natural environment, I need to add a lot of vegetation which requires a lot of watering, at the same time, the water area for turtles needs fresh water too. Therefore, I need to design the pipes so that it satisfies all the needs. This is my favorite part because I get to work with concepts that I don’t usually use, like the siphon phenomenon. Last, I need to poke holes and combine the pipes together and it’s all done. The accomplishments I felt still give me goosebumps even today. A lot of people ask me why I don’t just buy one which is much easier. Although my answer is always “because it is expensive”, however, I enjoy not just the result but also the process, the holes I drill, the pipes I connect, and most importantly, the integration of the ideas in my mind and the real world. As I grew up, my mindset turned mature, and my aspirations have evolved, I now look forward to exploring the realms beyond the human eye, delving into the fascinating worlds of cells and nanotechnology. The process of bringing my thoughts to life, from drawing scenes in textbooks to constructing intricate ecosystems, has not only fueled my creativity but also honed my problem-solving skills.