Every person has a creative side, and it can be expressed in many ways: problem solving, original and innovative thinking, and artistically, to name a few. Describe how you express your creative side.  

Nicknaming me “Property Destroyer”, my mother perfectly captured the way I manifest my creativity—dismantling things in hopes of salvaging components for my next invention. My imagination runs wild as I reassemble the pieces into something new. So, rather than a destroyer, I see myself as an inventor.

As much as I tried to suppress my creative mind to avoid breaking more things, my unconscious mind continued to concoct my next invention. Sitting in AP Biology, I thought about how one might take advantage of hydrogen atoms’ adhesive properties. AP Physics had currents of air swirling around my brain as I pondered how to capitalize on their movements. At home, I saw a sole worn-out air purifier; “Property Destroyer” pounded on the door of her oppressive cell, begging to take a crack at improving its functionality.

Most filters are neither cost-efficient nor environmentally-friendly. It then hit me: instead of expensive, disposable filters, why not use water as a natural filter? Its adhesive properties would make for the perfect medium to collect dust particles. I found that this had scarcely been done before, and no designs were elegant or affordably manufactured.

Hence began my creative endeavor of inventing a water-based purifier. I ripped apart a small, broken humidifier I had and took out the mist atomizer and circuit board. Next, something had to pull out the air to accelerate the filtering; the mini fan I kept in my box of dismantled items was perfect. For the body of the purifier, I decided to connect a short plastic box–which collects water–to a long, clear one that makes the mist visible. 

Prototype after prototype, I added more components: new layers in the body of the purifier to enhance filtration, and even a color-changing LED bulb that illuminated the mist and turned it into a nightlight. Each time the water leaked or the fan stopped, I saw my failure not as a setback but as an opportunity for me to utilize creativity. My biggest gain was not the awards I received for my invention, but my rediscovery of my favorite way of exercising creativity.













