Many students pursue college for a specific degree, career opportunity or personal goal. Whichever it may be, learning will be critical to achieve your ultimate goal. As you think ahead to the process of learning during your college years, how will you define a successful college experience? (300 words)

I will measure my success at college by the number of people I teach to whistle. I love whistling; it’s like carrying around an invisible instrument wherever I go--no prerequisites or music theory required. I’d love to meet other whistlers at CMU, or more realistically, join an a cappella group, but more importantly, I aspire to make my passions and knowledge as fun and accessible to others as whistling is to non-musical me.

For example, in high school I started a magazine to make scientific debate and discoveries more comprehensible to non-STEM classmates, and I envision creating a similar organization at CMU. I also see myself recruiting friends to Global Business Brigades, benefiting disadvantaged communities while helping non-business classmates understand that finance should not be intimidating, but rather a valuable tool for both career progress and social justice. Conversely, I hope to learn the invisible instruments my classmates carry around with them. I plan to join Model United Nations to learn more about international politics from an American background while contributing my perspective as an international student. I would also participate in ABLE CMU; as someone with multiple family members with disabilities, I seek to learn from and connect with my peers whose instruments are less understood.

A successful college experience includes learning broadly in class as well as extracurriculars. Like many Tepper students, I plan on complementing my major with a technology-related minor, most likely Data Science. In core business classes, I am particularly excited about finance and accounting, but I also want to take psychology and behavioral economics to learn about the more human elements that influence the behavior of individuals and firms. Most importantly, I want to keep enjoying the process of learning and sharing with others so I can always “whistle while I work.”

