Under the glare of fluorescent hospital lights, a symphony plays—steady beeps of heart monitors are our conductor, the technology’s metronomic backdrop filling the small space. Nurses' feet glide across the linoleum floor, flat shoes whispering like violins. The nearby ventilators sing with asynchronous whooshes, breathing uneasy life into the clinical orchestra. 

Playing at Doernbecher Hospital had become my favorite gig, putting on concerts for pediatric care units. Violin in hand, surrounded by three of my closest friends, I look forward to the dynamic soundscape’s unique stage. 
  
The crowd erupts into sudden applause, dozens of parents and children breathing in our music, a much-needed respite from the week. In the back, one boy’s hands don’t clap, tubes snaking around his waist; ivy clinging to stone. And yet, he seems fixated on every note, melodies speaking to him in ways words couldn’t.

After the concert, one of my fellow musicians said she had family friends in a room nearby, and we tagged along for support. Inside the room was the boy from the audience, medical devices providing an unnerving white noise permeating the background. We get the story from his parents—Raiden suffers from UBA5, an extraordinarily rare disease with only 38 known cases. As the sickness slowly destroys all basic motor functions, it leaves his parents in a near-impossible race against time, desperately hoping to raise funds to send Raiden to Boston to find a miracle cure for his almost-unprecedented disease.  

As we talked, Raiden watched silently, eyes speaking not only of sleepless nights but also of a deeper and unrelenting perseverance. Remembering how captivated Raiden had been from our previous concert, I knew that somehow, music was my key to helping him—I was determined to use it in whatever way I could. But, what could our ten-person ensemble possibly achieve facing one of the world’s most rare and pernicious diseases? 

Our idea quickly coalesced—we’d put on a concert in order to raise funds for the necessary research.  We started small, trying to figure out the venue. Two weeks of persistent outreach and negotiation paid off in a way none of us had expected: an invitation from Nike, to host our once-humble concert in their massive Portland headquarters. As an extra generosity, they offered to double every dollar we raised. 

Our weekly rehearsals soon became our sanctuary, my house’s basement transformed into the world’s tiniest theater. But through increasingly perfected harmonies, our lofty mission remained somewhat elusive. Could we really raise enough money to make a difference? Would my music affect the audience the same way it had touched Raiden?  

The headquarter’s silver interior complemented our instruments’ polished wood frame. Our cases were stacked neatly on the cold, patterned floor. The basement and hospital waiting room we’d become so accustomed to were dwarfed by Nike’s floor-to-ceiling glass walls, skybridge hanging overhead. 

Before we began, I looked at the crowd of parents and children, executives and businessmen, lawyers and teachers: nearly sixty-thousand dollars worth of support for Raiden. As we were about to begin, I caught a glimpse of Raiden and his parents in the audience and my personal goal narrowed: to talk to them. To use our music as the bridge, to assure him that despite this world of noise, he wasn’t alone in this journey.

We become our music; violins, cellos, and violas filling the near-silent atrium with a tapestry of sound. The audience's feet tap the marble floor, stilettos become cymbals, leather soles our bass. My bow is my voice, the violin’s vibrato speaking of hope; intermittent crescendos create an overture to resilience. As the ending nears, I focus only on Raiden, talking to him in notes turned narratives, phrases that weave into stories. 

The crowd erupts into sudden applause, dozens of parents with their children breathing in our music. But I look ahead, gaze reserved for only a single person, his eyes glisten, transfixed by our small high-school band. 

