Prompt3: Reflect on a time when you questioned or challenged a belief or idea. What prompted your thinking? What was the outcome? 
“How are you? I’m fine, thank you, and you?”, a typical greeting format in English textbooks for public school students, standard but monotonous. Under the influence of traditional education, I have always believed that the moment we are born, things have already been decided, like the rigid and old-fashioned textbooks I had in elementary school. In the cultural aspect, the family's background determines the type of lifestyle you live in; biologically, the genetic materials inherited from your parents play an essential role in shaping you, from your physical appearance to health conditions. 
Everyone is born with a unique cover and irrevocable content, but if I had the chance to modify my book, I would like to change many aspects of it, like my height. Like many other girls, I dreamed of being a flight attendant and even imagined myself with a formal uniform, saying, "Welcome aboard." However, when the pediatrician, after looking at my X-ray, announced, “156 at most,” the sudden news hit me like an earthquake, completely unexpected. 
To grasp the 10% possibility of growing taller, my mom offered me a 200-day jumping rope streak challenge to stimulate my growth plate, in exchange for a dog. A cuddle buddy that I have been asking for every birthday. Honestly, I wasn’t expecting growth, but it was a good deal since I could at least get a dog. To my surprise, with day-by-day effort, I can proudly announce myself as the “tallest” female member, alongside a new family member that wiggles its tail and welcomes you with the warmest hug every day. 
From my point of view, my dog is one of the happiest dogs, and its daily routine makes me jealous: eat, sleep, and play. If I have the choice, I hope to reincarnate as a dog, relaxing and carefree. However, this thought only lasted until I watched the Twelve Nights, a documentary that displayed the darkest side of animal shelters in Taiwan. Due to inadequate spaces and food, the dogs confined in animal shelters, if not adopted, will be euthanized after twelve days. Those dogs have glimmering eyes like every other, but a completely different story for their lives. Just like how I changed my own story, I joined the volunteering team at a public animal shelter to rewrite others'. 
During weekends, I walk dogs or accompany them in an open field. Every time they play outside, my team records clips of them playing and posts them on social media, increasing their chances of being seen. Although the overall adoption rate increases, it still struggles to catch up with the growing number of strays. After a conversation with the chief of the shelter, I realized that the root cause can be traced to education. Just as foreigners often view Taiwanese as friendly, our education system emphasizes the idea of willingness to help, yet often overlooks how this value should be applied to multifaceted issues. 
In terms of stray animals, many people feed them out of kindness. However, this unintentionally leads to community issues: uncleaned excrement, continuous barking, and even incidents of attack, all of 
which worsen the public's conception of stray animals. As the government started to advocate for TNR (trap, neuter, release), I joined as an assistant in volunteer training sessions to contribute to spreading this idea. Although some condemned it as a violation of animal rights, it’s currently the most feasible solution in preventing unfortunate lives from entering a society that cannot support them. At the same time, I continued my work in sharing shelter dogs online, hoping that one day, everyone would find their destined home. 
Now, my book has been slowly modified as I tried to change others and has added a new quote on its first page: “Little effort matters.” With more challenges ahead, I’m ready to turn to the next chapter and continue sharing my story to reach and influence more readers. 
