“The lessons we take from obstacles we encounter can be fundamental to later success. Recount a time when you faced a challenge, setback, or failure. How did it affect you, and what did you learn from the experience?”

On a dark night when everyone was asleep, my room was still full of light. On the table, nothing was organized. An almost drained laptop, a thick biology textbook, teacher’s handouts, and notebook papers were spread all over the table. A tired girl sat mumbling missense, frameshift, and 3-nucleotide-pair deletion in a low and exhausted voice. Suddenly, the girl lifted up her head with bright eyes, drawing explanation images in her notebook, adding colors with highlighters in a frenzy. This was me, in two extreme states: distressed to excited. Finally, I understood how the four bases A, T, C, G lined up in DNA in different combinations, and what made viable versus jangled genes. 

The dramatic change from distressed and exhausted to exhilarated hadn’t come from nowhere. The key for staying up so long and late was to stay calm and patient - more than ten years of piano had taught me that. I love to play fast and feverish music like Caprice Espagnol Op.37 by Moszkowski. In appearance, pianists need to be wild and powerful in order to master these pieces. However,  I need to be tranquil and detailed when I am learning every note so that I would not mess up the complex chores and melodies. 

My journey to loving science was a winding one. As a child, I was inspired by doctors. To me, they were angels that combined the broken pieces of families destroyed by disease. I wanted to become others’ sunshine and bring happiness to people around me. But my passion was nearly killed after failing STEM test after STEM test despite my best efforts in local school. I started to consider whether I should give up my childhood dream and face reality. 

There was far more to worry about than losing my childhood dream when I transferred from Chinese local school to international school. Years of learning history via memorizing years and names made me a stranger to learning this subject using critical thinking and analytical writing. When I took AP Biology, I didn't even recognize ‘photosynthesis’, because I had only studied it in Chinese before.  Initially I tried to pour knowledge into my head at the fastest pace possible by copying as many technical terms as I could in my notebook, regardless of whether I understood their meaning. Like Detective Rizzoli in Tess Gerritsen’s I Know A Secret, I was neglecting crucial evidence by focusing all my efforts on one method: she gathers huge amounts of evidence for Ketamine as a key in the murders, ignoring crucial evidence that she could have noticed if she had considered other methods. 

I remembered the lesson from Caprice Espagnol. I started to focus on how much information I had grasped instead of how many pages of the textbook I had read; I spent lab and after school time with my teacher to discuss cell structures and cycles. Over time, I did not study science purely via memorizing, but tried to connect everything in a never-ending story about life and Earth. 

These days, I intern at Chang-Gung Memorial hospital’s immunology laboratory. I see the researchers facing the same frustrations I have confronted: out of 10 experiments, 7-8 will fail. The researchers have dark circles and sloppy hair, pipetting everyday without breakthroughs. But they are not irritated by the results: instead, they calmly ponder about why experiments fail. 

From them, I see that calm is the key to overcoming obstacles. It’s a lesson that has served me in the World Scholar’s Cup, where three patient years of weekly debates and practice changed me from a fearful speaker to a confident debater who can even hold the position of president. It’s a lesson I know I’ll carry with me: life will continue to give me countless challenges, but if I face them with a humble and calm heart, behind these sharp thorns, there are priceless gifts waiting for me.  
