The lessons we take from obstacles we encounter can be fundamental to later success. Recount a time when you faced a challenge, setback, or failure. How did it affect you, and what did you learn from the experience?

This is the story of a setback that began with the abundance of confidence accumulating from the previous winnings. In Robotics, setbacks are inevitable. However, as a team leader, I would never expect to lose in seven consecutive games in one of the most essential robotics competitions, the Taiwan Open Robotics Competition. This competition serves as the preliminary round for high school teams, setting the stage for the final round. In a team captain’s inner heart, this setback feels like an abyss, constantly questioning my captaincy, ability, and the decision made at the moment of every single game.
Seven battles in a row we lost. Although each game lasted only about 2 minutes, the self-imposed pressure and self-blame that accompanied each defeat added up exponentially. As the team leader, I felt as if the weight of the world rested on my shoulders. Ironically, I told myself not to concede failure or express my emotions so easily as to maintain a facade of composure, providing guidance and support to my teammates when all I wanted was a moment to vent my own frustrations. As frustrations and blaming started spreading across team members, I was irritated and angry, believing that we should compose ourselves instead of showing weakness. 
These suppressing emotions make me feel as fragile as a glass structure on the verge of shattering. As I went back home, tears went down my eyes. I was no longer able to digest the mood built up with the accumulated frustration. I began to regret the design choices I made for the robot, and I agonized over my lack of nuanced understanding of the programming. I was consumed by anger, self-blame, and frustration. This state of mind lingered for approximately two weeks, and I frequently carried it as a heavy burden.
Amidst moments of despair, my English tutor’s words come to my mind. She advised me to embrace “let it be.” and always envision the worst-case scenario as a beginning. This perspective reminds me that while I cannot change the past, I have the power to shape my response to it. Situations are not always favorable but each advert experience counts and is invaluable. More importantly, positioning myself for the worst-case scenario encourages an ongoing journey of self-discovery and growth. This reminds me of the badminton court. At the moment of losing the game, I let go of the win-and-loss mindset and think about strategy to survive. The worst scenario is just that we lose everything. That’s it! I have nothing to lose already. Surrender to a situation does not mean giving up. That is when a new path and possibility appear. 
The next competition, the TAS Signature Event, came quickly in December. However, I acquired a stronger and more determined mentality from the previous competition. No longer did I blame myself when we lost the game. Making mistakes did not occupy my mind.     Instead, Accepting those previous failures allows me to improve myself and my strategy as a catalyst. I became brave, starting to develop diverse unconstrained small designs. I became confident because I told myself that there was nothing to lose.  
Setbacks like the one I encountered with the Robotics Competition are formidable trials. But I embrace the notion that life unfolds like an enthralling novel, with its exposition, rising action, climax, falling action, and resolution. Everything will ultimately pass. Even in times of roughs, we can keep pushing forward toward the climax. Even during the climax, we will eventually return to the very beginning. While the result is disheartening, “let it be,” along with the practice of considering the worst situation serves as a growing catalyst that induces a period of healing, change, and improvement. Setbacks are temporary and inevitable in life, but my response to them can shape my journey.  I now believe that this is not an ending that defines me but rather a transition toward the next stage. It is a stepping stone toward a future defined by resilience and persistence, allowing me to surmount unprecedented challenges next.
