Prompt: Share an essay on any topic of your choice. It can be one you've already written, one that responds to a different prompt, or one of your own design

Dumplings, beef stew, pearl meatballs. Every dish my grandma makes is delicious and is always exactly what everyone craves. How? “My cooking isn’t perfect,” she confessed. “I just understand what everyone likes.” 

I didn’t believe her, because all her dishes are perfect for us. Surely, there has to be a secret ingredient: something that makes everything taste so flawless. It must be her attention to detail. So, I applied the same approach to school. The secret ingredient to academic success must be pristine notes and perfectly outlined study guides. I spent hours writing until my hand cramped. But when my teacher commented that my notes didn’t incorporate the main points of his lessons, my perspective shifted. Slowly, I learned to embrace my rushed, messy handwriting as I quickly scribbled down key points in class. It wasn’t about well-organized notes, but about grasping the essence of what really mattered in the lesson.

My teacher’s remark not only improved my studies but also sparked my journey into teaching and mentorship. I wanted to discover the secret ingredient for helping others to learn. I became a tutor through my school’s service club, teaching English to a Ukrainian student. I crafted lesson plans that captured all the essential concepts from when I first learned English. Nothing stuck for me, but my student struggled to keep up. My so-called “secret ingredient” was making her anxious.

Rather than pushing through with my rigid plan, I asked about her favorite movies and used clips from those films to create new lessons. With this personalized approach, she became more engaged and confident as her voice became more steady. All my preparation before had been centered around myself, not her. The real solution was catering to her needs.

Armed with this knowledge, I confidently approached my next mentorship experience as a student assistant in the Dale Carnegie Youth Program. I focused on direct communication, asking my mentees about any struggles they had. But my questions were always met with an awkward silence. I tried calling on students individually, but their responses remained lukewarm.

Perhaps my one-on-one approach with my Ukrainian student didn’t work here. My student knew what she needed, but that’s not the case for everyone. And Grandma has been cooking for decades. Maybe even she didn’t have all the answers right away. And how could I best support these students when even they didn’t know what they needed? Did Grandma adjust and experiment with her recipes until she found what worked?

So I tried experimenting with different methods, until I found that mind maps and visual aids were the dish that satisfied their palate, where they engaged the most in class. That was the breakthrough: they were visual learners. They became more comfortable and engaged in class. Mentorship isn’t about having all the answers – it’s about adjusting to the needs of others, especially when your students don’t yet know what works for them.

I carried this into my internship at NaoNow, an EdTech startup focused on customized English learning. Now, with hundreds of students, a one-size-fits-all curriculum was not feasible. I trained chatbots to create lesson plans tailored to different proficiency levels. We implemented AI systems that provided personalized feedback on speaking skills, offering detailed insights into any student’s learning style. I realized the potential for AI to improve education: I could help make learning more accessible by embracing different styles of learning, focusing on progression, not perfection.

I didn’t understand what my grandma meant back then. Through all of these experiences, however, I’ve come to realize that there is no secret ingredient. Like with my grandma’s cooking, the key is understanding who you’re serving and what they prefer. And it’s the same with teaching and learning. I hope to continue finding new ways to mentor and learn with others, sharing the same joy and warmth that Grandma always brought to our table.