Prompt5: Discuss an accomplishment, event, or realization that sparked a period of personal growth and a new understanding of yourself or others.
If you asked me where you should visit if you’re in Taiwan, I would have to recommend one of the crown gems of Formosa: the mangrove forests at Taijiang National Park. Kayaking through the green tunnels of the mangrove forests was a therapeutic experience. It was almost as if I was conversing with nature. However, one year, outside noise interrupted our dialogue. Dozens of dead fish littered the surface of the water, turning the once scenic tunnels into sepulchers. Later on, the news revealed the culprit: fertilizer leakage.
	This marred childhood memory was one of my first brush with the often-fraught relationship between humanity and nature. Over time, my interest in nature flowered into a deep passion. However, I was not always an avid environmentalist. I once thought that nature was an object to be subjugated and bent to the will of Man. 
I did not start my passion for the outdoors with an environmental mindset. I used to be solely focused on my personal achievements and collecting successful hikes as if they were Pokemon. After I fell off the side of a cliff due to an ice screw not being properly anchored, I became even more motivated to assert my dominance over nature. I solo climbed a 10,000-foot mountain every two weeks and was one of the youngest Taiwanese hikers to ever summit all ten of the highest peaks on the island. Logging my conquered peaks on my Garmin watch gave me a feeling of accomplishment. 
	However, my worldview changed while climbing Ergeshan, a particularly challenging climb that required expert technical skills. While trying to secure myself into an arete, I fell off yet another cliff. It was at this moment that I had two realizations. First, the frequency of me falling off cliffs was much too high. Second, I needed to seriously reconsider my relationship with nature. As I laid in a hospital bed over the next week in a pain-killer induced trance, I wondered if I would ever be able to climb mountains again.
After a 6 month long rehabilitation process, I slowly regained my ability to hike and began to tackle easier mountains again. While I took on these easy hikes, I experienced a bizarre Taiwanese phenomenon: elderly hikers passing you on trails and shouting encouragement to you. They would breeze past me in their flip flops and give me a pat on the back while saying “Are you hiking solo? Nice job, young man!”Overtime, I joined this community of freakishly fit seniors and learned many lessons along the way. 
They told me stories about the history of Taiwan that gave me a deeper understanding of the trails that had been paved by the generations before me. I learned that these paths did not simply connect point A to point B but reflected the rich history of our country. They echoed a time before the arrival of the Kuomintang and bore witness to the native beauty of the island. As the seniors and I climbed together, my appreciation for history and nature took on new heights.
I also discovered that climate change was no far-away threat but a real and present danger to our environment. I saw lush forests and meadows fall dry and barren. From the tales of my senior hiking companions, I learned that these changes were merely the tip of the melting iceberg. This realization left me with the pressing need to take action to prevent further devastation.
My community of senior hikers taught me valuable lessons and granted me a new attitude towards people, history, and nature. 
Someday, in a far-off future, I hope to be one of the kind seniors passing by a young hiker and saying:
“Are you hiking solo? Nice job, young man!”.


