Fordham, as a Jesuit university, recognizes the dignity, uniqueness and potential of each person. A Fordham education is student-centered and rooted in close collaboration among students, faculty, and staff. Describe how you would contribute to our campus community as an actively engaged learner and leader. Specifically draw on your personal story, identity, experiences, strengths, and perspectives. (300 words)


I’m somewhat afraid my community at Fordham will know me as “that guy who whistles.” I love whistling wherever I go; it’s like carrying an invisible instrument around with me. What I cherish most is that there are no prerequisites, no work experience or advanced music theory required. I’d love to meet other whistlers at Fordham–or at least try to join the F Sharps–but more importantly, I aspire to make my passions and knowledge as fun and accessible to others as whistling is to non-musical me.

	For example, the magazines I read as a child sparked my interest in subjects ranging from the separation of powers in the U.S. Constitution to luminescent fish. Similarly, in The Observer, I would use my experience as EIC of my school’s science magazine and contribute articles to make contemporary news and knowledge more accessible for the community at Fordham. Additionally, I hope to convince my friends to join the Coding Club. There, I imagine perpetual mutual learning as I share my experiences in computer science and learn from peers. Not only is coding exciting, but I also believe it is a necessary tool that opens doors for both career and social impact.

	Conversely, I also hope to hear the invisible instruments that my classmates carry around with them. For example, I would join the Football / Soccer Fan Club at Fordham because my lack of skill barred me from joining my high school team. Even more, I would like to participate in Deaf Education and American Sign Language (DEASL). As I have multiple family members with lifelong disabilities, I have learned to cherish the instruments I was born with and am determined to help those whose instruments are less understood.










