8. Beyond what has already been shared in your application, what do you believe makes you stand out as a strong candidate for admissions to the University of California?


My father told me that, when he bought our house, he could see nothing but farmland in every direction. As I grew up, our community was redeveloped into a center for science and technology. Sparkling condos and office buildings sprung up around our home. As I write this, I am in one of them: my school. When I enrolled on a scholarship, I found that most of my peers’ parents had attended graduate school or at least college. In contrast, my parents dropped out of high school and did not understand English. This forced me to become an expert in seeking advice during my studies. I practiced English by translating and transcribing TED videos. I dived deeper into computer science by learning to code from scratch, visiting Stack Overflow whenever I stumbled upon yet another error. Hours of help from generous mentors helped me overcome my familial disadvantage.


        As I gained confidence, I found a desire to give back. In our school’s MUN lab, I mentored dozens of students, revising draft resolutions and practicing one-on-one to improve their speaking abilities and stage confidence. I also co-founded a charity group spanning multiple high schools in Hsinchu, dedicated to helping the Yu-An Foundation for children with developmental disabilities, filming awareness videos online, gathering used items, and raising funds for the construction of new facilities.


My most memorable project was the result of a lucky chance. When my brother and I were scrolling through social media, we saw that the local immigrant center at Hsinchu did not have enough computers to fulfill the need for virtual learning created by COVID-19. We found an equally passionate mentor and built our first computer using second-hand parts. And then another. And another. Eventually, we completely fulfilled the needs of not one, but two local immigrant centers. Recognizing language barriers, we also filmed a no-talk instructional video demonstrating basic functions and Windows 10 installation.  


        Having overcome academic obstacles, I believe myself to be a strong candidate, as my experiences as a first-generation college student will empower me to help students with similar struggles to succeed.