We want to be sure we’re considering your application in the context of your personal experiences: What aspects of your background, your identity, or your school, community, and/or household settings have most shaped how you see yourself engaging in Northwestern’s community, be it academically, extracurricularly, culturally, politically, socially, or otherwise? (300 words)

In the little bedroom I shared with my older brother, all the walls were covered with bookshelves. My parents were not “well-educated,” but they never lacked the spirit of education. They encouraged my aptitude for mathematics at an early age, enrolling me in AwesomeMath camps and successfully advocating for me to skip a grade in primary school. I inherited their spirit, self-studying English by translating TED videos and Economics by attending lectures on edX. I started proudly referring to myself as an “autodidact” when I came across the word on a vocab list. Every subject was intriguing. Browsing videos from the Youtuber Kurzgesagt, I discovered an unexpected passion for science, and when my Spanish teacher assigned an art project on Salvador Dali, I became fascinated by how various art materials can create harmony like instruments in music.

I love learning, whether through gaining new knowledge or sharing it. In high school, I founded Science Magazine to make science more accessible to non-STEM peers and Investing Lab to teach middle schoolers not to be afraid of investing. At Northwestern, I would apply to join North by Northwestern as a Science and Technology writer. I also hope to convince my friends to join the Investing Management Club and overcome the apprehensive attitudes that many have toward finance, and exchange my perspective on global politics at NWMUN Seattle. 
Through Quest Scholars Network, I would share my story with other first-generation students and mentor disadvantaged students in the Chicago area.

Socially, I will always be available with board games and tea with roommates and friends. I do hope that they like to play on the rug I‘ll bring, though – my desk will always be reserved for the books, notes, and stacks of papers that compose the ordered chaos of my academic life.
