“Describe a topic, idea, or concept you find so engaging that it makes you lose all track of time. Why does it captivate you? What or who do you turn to when you want to learn more?”
The epitome of femininity is perhaps when a woman tenderly and delicately handles everything she touches with love and care. But, to my parents’ dismay, nothing left my hands unscathed when I was young thanks to my habit of dismantling. Hence, I earned the title of “Property Destroyer” from my mom, which, at the time, was anything but affectionate.
Each time I stealthily snuck off with my dad’s screwdriver set to take something apart, I envisioned myself a brilliant inventor who could reassemble seemingly trivial parts into breathtaking gadgets. A source of endless headaches for my parents, my habit of dismantling objects was really a manifestation of this ambitious dream to become an inventor. But with each failed trial and each scolding I received–deservedly so, especially the time I took apart a brand new, lustrously white toaster–I learned to give up on this dream.
However, my unconscious mind continued to drift towards my naive dream. As I sat listening to a molecular biology lecture, I inevitably thought about how one might take advantage of hydrogen atoms’ adhesive properties. Physics class had currents of air swirling around my brain as I made sense of how to capitalize on their movements. At home, I saw my family’s sole worn-out air purifier; “Property Destroyer” pounded on the door of her oppressive cell, begging to take a crack at improving its functionality. But I quieted that voice, patiently doing more research before breaking anything.
 The filters I found were neither cost-efficient nor environmentally friendly. It then hit me: instead of expensive, disposable filters, why not use water as a natural filter? Its adhesive properties would make for the perfect medium to collect dust particles. I quickly researched to see if this had been done before; it had, but the results were unsatisfying. None of the few designs I saw were elegant or could be manufactured affordably.
 
Thus, my endeavor of inventing a water-based purifier began. I ripped apart a small, broken humidifier I had and took out the mist atomizer and circuit board it was attached to.
 
Next, I would need something to pull out the air to speed up the process. I glanced at my closet door. Inside was a box of dismantled items, intended to be kept hidden from my sight—every sight of it only served as a brutal reminder of my unrealistic, childish dream. But today, it had something I needed. I opened the box, taking out a mini-fan that would be perfect for the job. For the physical structure of the air purifier, I decided to connect a short plastic box – which collects water – to a long, clear one that would make the mist visible.
 
With each prototype came new components and mistakes: new layers in the body of the purifier to make filtration more effective, a LED bulb that illuminated the mist into different colors and turned it into a nightlight. The water would leak or the fan would stop from improperly bonded wires. But this was exciting to me: I was just like the inventors and engineers who had come before me, creating perfect designs only after making a million tweaks.
Eventually, I reached a prototype I was content with and applied for a patent. My patent was granted, and I earned the judges’ approval at international invention fairs! While I pretend to be annoyed whenever my friends jokingly call me Ms. Thomas Edison, I cannot help but ignore the rush of fulfillment each time I hear it.
I wear my title of “Property Destroyer” proudly now. Innovation will always be a clumsy process filled with failed attempts and discarded pieces for me, but I know I can fearlessly confront the challenges ahead. And along the way, my feats of engineering may even improve the quality of life for others.