*Describe your dream nursing job and the characteristics needed to be a highly effective nurse. Provide an example of a life experience that showcases these characteristics. (Maximum 500 words)
My dream job is to become a pediatric nurse practitioner and dedicate my career to supporting children as they reach their full potential. I aspire to take care of both patients and their families through effective communication and attention to mental wellbeing. I also plan on returning to my home country to advocate for nurses’ working conditions later on in my career. I feel strongly that nurses’ wellbeing impacts quality of care, and the average 1:13 nurse-to-patient ratio and absurdly low pay in Taiwan makes it hard for nurses to be good healthcare providers. 
I believe the characteristics needed to be an effective nurse are efficient communication, strong observation skills, resilience, and an awareness of personal wellness. My experience of learning to dance and eventually becoming an officer of my high school dance team is where I got to put these skills into use.
I joined the hip-hop dance team at my school when I was 15, with no prior experience in dance. I was immediately degraded with harsh criticism, judgmental stares, and a massive dose of self-doubt. Yet my love of movement and music outweighed the fact that I wasn’t a natural. I made immense efforts to catch up with my teammates, devoting all my free time to practicing fundamentals and meticulously going over practice videos to correct my dance moves to completely replicate my team’s. I learned to celebrate my own progress when it came to auditions as I was hardly selected to dance in performances, but I never stopped auditioning.
The next year rolled by, and after an entire summer of training, I was selected as an officer on the team. This was what I dreamt of a year ago as I was guaranteed a spot in competitions and performances, and mentoring new team members. I had a great time leading practices, sharing choreography cleaning tips, and planning performances with my fellow officers. Suddenly, things went sideways. Family issues impacted my mental state and subsequently, my performance in choreography. I began to feel overwhelmed by the pressure of being a role model when I could feel that I was not okay. I spoke with the other officers and we reached a consensus of me standing at the very back of the team, to just keep an eye on things. That gave me some time to work through my emotions as I began to remember why I started dancing in the first place and began to use it as a stress-relieving outlet.
I am grateful to have found my passion for dance. Not only did it strengthen my resilience with the ability to find progress in myself, enhance my communication skills through working with my teammates, and sharpen my eye in observation during choreography cleaning; but it also became a way for me to manage my stress. I’ve already found these skills useful in my daily life as a part-time childcare aide, and I believe they will be even more valuable as a nurse and advocate.