*Reflect on one way you have contributed to a community or communities. This might include a community service project, a group project for school, or a substantial activity to support your family (care of sick relatives, employment to financially help family, etc.) What did you learn about yourself and your community? How have you applied what you learned to other situations? 
(Maximum 500 words)
 I volunteered at the Swab4Charley event held by the National Marrow Donor Program (NMDP) because of Charley Bauer, who I got to correspond with when I was still in my home country, Taiwan. Her words of encouragement and reassurance played a big part in my committing to OSU, and I remember being enthusiastic to meet her, only to find out that she was diagnosed with Acute Myeloid Leukemia and needed a stem cell transplant. NMDP matches stem cell donors around the world with patients in need, so joining its donor registry and volunteering felt like the perfect way to give back to Charley and spread her kindness. 
The goal of the swab drive was to raise awareness about stem cell donations and convince those interested to join the NMDP registry. We aimed to persuade, however I was completely out of my comfort zone as my Taiwanese upbringing rarely encouraged speaking up and speaking out, instead teaching me to follow instructions and go with the flow. Yet all around me, the atmosphere created by NMDP volunteers was contagious. I started to observe how another volunteer interacted with people who came up to us and began mimicking her, one smile at a time. By the end of our 4-hour drive, I could confidently flag down passerby and explain how being in the donor registry could save lives. And I was also inviting everyone (even those who decided not to register) to write a card for Charley.
Speaking out was a new concept for me, but this experience made me aware of its impact. I learned that I could be persuasive by speaking logically and firmly and used this skill on several occasions to advocate for myself and my fellow international students having issues with housing and roommates. I also made it a goal to gain more knowledge on speaking for a cause and found inspiration on the social movements chapter of my sociology course. These experiences gave me a brand-new perspective on how effective communication really goes a long way, and how much impact one could make by just speaking out. 
From the NMDP community, I learned to let my passion show. The staff and volunteers brought with them positivity and a sense of urgency that showed they were passionate about saving lives with stem cells matches, especially when it helped one of their own. We were ecstatic when someone registers and gracious but visibly disappointed when they didn’t. The staffs’ example made me a lot less reserved in expressing my emotion throughout the swab drive and found that more people resonated with our cause when I spoke urgently about it than when I was trying to make them comfortable by being friendly and nonchalant. 
I feel very fortunate to have found Charley and NMDP. They not only led me to a great cause to fight for, but also gave me a great environment to build skills essential to advocating for myself, future patients, and nurses in my home country.