2. Every person has a creative side, and it can be expressed in many ways: problem solving, original and innovative thinking, and artistically, to name a few. Describe how you express your creative side. (350 words)


I stared somberly at the whiteboard full of mathematical equations. I then looked down at the four stubby lines on my notebook just to make sure. It’s the same. I sighed. All this work for the third equation of motion. 
I apply my creativity to my talent for efficiency. Take math, for example. Even though a formula gets the trip done, I often prefer to navigate myself through the streets and alleys, exploring every crook and nanny for a simpler path I’ve missed. Ever since middle school, I would mash equations together; whether it be for similar features, matching inputs or outputs, or even just for fun. I would try to embed matrices or even geometry to solve algebra problems. While many turned out as poorly stitched Frankensteins, some have yielded solutions that are both simple and elegant. The same goes for computer science, another of my favorite subjects. When the teacher, for example, asks students for a program that prints the power set of a given set, my mind would flood itself with impulses and ideas: “I don’t need two loops.” ”I don’t want to use fix my code to sets of three.” Before I knew it, I was already planning a recursive solution that consumes roughly half of the original length.
Outside of school, I also make ample use of my creativity when I contribute to society. When me and my brother were scrolling through social media, we saw that the local immigrant center at Hsinchu has a shortage of computers as COVID-19 created the need for virtual learning. We considered ordering them directly, but that would consume large amounts of time and money, something neither the immigrants nor us could afford. But in the end, we decided that the most efficient way is none other than to build them ourselves. As we already had spare parts, we purchased the rest and sought expertise from an experienced builder. And so we built our first computer. Then another. And another. In no time, we have met the demands of not one, but two immigrant centers.
Many might perceive efficiency as rigid, something that involves standardization and the suffocation of creativity. But efficiency is an art, less about memorizing than understanding. To see beyond and apply different perspectives to the same problem. Efficiency, in fact, builds upon creativity because one cannot be productive without innovation. I am confident that this creativity that I strive for will serve me well both in college and in the lifelong education that awaits me.