Prompt 1
Describe an example of your leadership experience in which you have positively influenced others, helped resolve disputes or contributed to group efforts over time. (350 max)

“This is your ticket to Seoul. The bus is scheduled to arrive at 15:15, and we will head to platform 30, just over there.”

I handed out tickets as we waited for the bus. A group of seven trusted me to lead the way after I spent hours researching and organizing the itinerary. Confident in our preparations, I was ready to explore the city with them. 

Having this unique opportunity to navigate through a foreign city for the first time, excitement buzzed in the air, but a weight like stone settled on my shoulders as I guided my friends through unfamiliar streets, bolstered by their encouragement. Checking my map every few minutes, I mentally prepared for the next step of the journey. While I had a clear sense of where we were going, I was still a little anxious.

Later that evening, we headed to Hongdae, just a few blocks away. However, the streets were jammed with people, and the chaotic flow quickly disrupted our plans. While deciding what to eat, three of my friends decided to go off on their own, leaving the rest of the group confused and uncomfortable. What began as a fun evening had snowballed into disorganization.

I spoke to my friends afterwards and learned that some felt the pace was too slow while others worried about getting lost. I realized the issue wasn’t just the crowd; it was a lack of coordination and communication. To prevent further issues, I suggested a system where everyone would inform the group if they had their own plans. This system helped us stay connected and organized while fostering shared responsibility and trust, allowing the trip to go smoothly. 

From this trip, I’ve come to acknowledge that facilitating a group’s success requires not only giving directions but also ensuring everyone is on the same page–just as I had to ensure we all stayed together in Seoul and headed back to the airport safely. This experience reinforced my leadership and adaptability, furthering my understanding of the importance of maintaining transparency within groups.

Prompt 4
Describe how you have taken advantage of a significant educational opportunity or worked to overcome an educational barrier you have faced. (350 max.)

2:23 am on Friday. I gazed at the bright computer screen, displaying my first app: a rudimentary school tour. Every tap, every successful screen transition felt like a triumph. This first computer science project hooked me like a rush of caffeine, and I was eager to keep going. 

Feeling emboldened by this experience and confident in my ability to write my best code even in odd hours, I was excited to enroll in the summer program “Data Science Lab with R” at UC Berkeley and practice cutting-edge analysis methods on real-world datasets. There was just one hitch–living in Taiwan, I needed to wake up at 3:30 am each day to attend class. Some days, it took all of my willpower not to smash my alarm clock as the jarring buzz reverberated around my dark room, yet, with the intrigue of the challenging tasks my professor assigned, I would be revitalized.

Two weeks until the final project deadline, my head swirled with all the concepts. I chose to work on analyzing the relationships between sleep, health, and lifestyle. I pictured the 24-hour time block every day in my head, puzzling over where I could find time. 

“It might be possible to work while eating.”

However, issues started popping up. Weird graphs appeared on the screen, with data points scattered randomly. Columns of the data summary were properly organized but unexpectedly showed zero accuracy.

While there wasn’t a clear solution to my problem, I pieced together various suggestions from multiple help forums I researched online. While everyone had different issues, I could find the connecting points between them to apply to my own. 

As I put each piece of the puzzle together, the model aligned like constellations on the scatter plot with accurate estimations. In just a few weeks, I finally established a sense of control over what initially seemed an uninterpretable language. 

Hitting that submission button felt like taking a big step to another level. By succeeding in this early morning class, I am confident that I have gained the determination to face the academic rigors of college. 

Prompt 6
Think about an academic subject that inspires you. Describe how you have furthered this interest inside and/or outside of the classroom. (350 max)

I squinted at my screen, displaying a grayscale image of a chest scan, and observed the abnormal heart size. How could this machine detect something a trained doctor had missed? It was my first hands-on AI project, using computer vision to identify diseases from radiological images. Though the program my team had built was relatively simple, its performance transcended my expectations. From not knowing how AI processes information to utilizing machine learning and deep learning to perform such a feat, this was a significant milestone for me. This brief moment at AI Medical Science Camp cemented my interest in AI; I hoped to uncover the secrets behind these screens as I began my journey into artificial intelligence. 

Later that summer, I enrolled in the Inspirit AI program. I collaborated with peers on my first large-scale programming project—building an object detection model for automobiles. While expanding my repertoire of practical experience, this project also deepened my appreciation for the underlying mathematics of AI, as we trained neural networks to process data and make instant decisions in our model. From a simple neural network to becoming an expert model, our project improved from an accuracy of 72% to 95%. Observing how this project had the potential to mitigate catastrophic car accidents, I began to realize the limitless ways society could benefit from AI.

During the following academic year,  I took AP CSA to further solidify my programming skills through numerous projects, expanding on my previous summer programs. I also took the opportunity to present at my school’s World Science Day event about AI, from the big-picture implications across various industries to the technical minutia of neural networks.

Last summer, building on my experience in technology and tutoring, I interned for an educational tech firm, NaoNow. This foray into the burgeoning field of generative AI represented the culmination of my high school explorations. Looking forward to college, I am excited to see how my four years at the University of California will best prepare me for a career in this rapidly evolving field.

Prompt 7
What have you done to make your school or your community a better place? (350 max)

“There’s a lot of ways to learn. Even seemingly simple things can be difficult with the wrong approach.”

This remark by Mr. Hong stuck with me since I was young when I believed that the secret ingredient to academic success resided in rigid discipline, with pristine notes and perfectly structured study guides.

His words not only improved my studies but also sparked my journey into teaching and mentorship. I wanted to uncover the secret ingredient for helping others learn. I became a tutor through my school’s service club, teaching English to a Ukrainian student. I meticulously crafted lesson plans using the essential concepts from my first forays into English. Nothing seemed to stick, however, and my student struggled to keep up. My so-called “secret ingredient” was making her anxious.

Observing her discomfort when asked to speak for long periods, I asked about her favorite movies and used clips from those films to craft new lessons. From then on, I iterated on a hybrid approach, which quickly bore fruit as my student became more engaged and her voice grew steadier. The real solution only emerged when I learned to adapt to her needs.

I carried this lesson into my internship at NaoNow, an EdTech startup focused on customized English learning. Now, with hundreds of students, a one-size-fits-all curriculum was not feasible. I trained chatbots to create lesson plans tailored to different proficiency levels. We implemented AI systems that provided personalized feedback on speaking skills, offering detailed insights into each student’s learning styles. I realized the potential for AI to improve education; I could help make learning more accessible by embracing different styles of learning and focusing on progression, not perfection. 

I am currently expanding on my AI knowledge with my internship at TAMEE, gaining crucial exposure to databases and attending seminars on natural language processing. Throughout college and beyond, I am committed to building upon these experiences, helping to empower people around the world to discover their own secret ingredient to language learning.
