6. Think about an academic subject that inspires you. Describe how you have furthered this interest inside and/or outside of the classroom. (350 words)


I have been inspired by economics ever since my father gifted me Rich Dad, Poor Dad for my 13th birthday. It was astonishing how straightforward it was to put everyday phenomena into simple numbers and procedures, like having a second pair of eyes to see how societies work. I signed up for a macroeconomics course the next summer and fell in love. Just like dominoes, you can observe how a policy sparks a series of chain reactions to reach a desired goal. 


        After the summer course ended, I self-studied for the AP exams in micro- and macro- and began training for the International Economics Olympiad. After completing the exams in 10th grade, I still took the AP Economics course at school in 11th, and my investment paid off: our teacher introduced us to novel concepts and contemporary issues, and I furthered my understanding by writing a research paper on the role of technology on economic development.


        Outside of class, in addition to the Olympiad, I became Treasurer of my school’s National Honor Society and founded an investing club for 8th-grade students. Club members learned the basics of both economics and investing, and how good trades stem from clear sight of the market and its interplay with the overarching economy. I taught them like I taught myself, by utilizing diverse sources to simplify abstract jargon into simple graphs, patterns, and bullet points. Our team reached the top-20 regionally in the Stock Market Game, with one of my mentees landing in the top-10 individually. 


However, what inspires me the most are the hours-long discussions my father and I still have on everything economics, from breaking news to groundbreaking theories. For every theory I learned in class, he’s taught me lessons that go way beyond the textbook, drawing from his life experiences of starting a business with nothing but two siblings and a boatload of debt, failing, and trying again and again until they found success. Guided by his ingenuity and resilience, I will never forget that economics must be grounded in the experiences of everyday people.