What would you say is your greatest talent or skill? How have you developed and demonstrated that talent over time?


I watched Anastasiia’s cheeks grow flushed as she clumsily tried to pronounce newly-learned words; I fretted over the struggles I imagined she would face communicating with her new communities in Germany, where she had been displaced due to the Russo-Ukrainian war.


It puzzled me. Anastasiia has a charming Ukrainian accent when speaking English–series becomes sayleese, these becomes dees. Yet, despite having a decent command of English, she hesitated to speak both during our tutoring sessions and in Germany, where she needed to speak English more than ever.


I knew then that I had to exercise my skill of looking at problems through different angles to find a way to build Anastasiia’s confidence. 


Was it the words I had been teaching her? Epitome, phenomenon, obsolete–these were the words that I was told suited Anastasiia’s English abilities. As I thought from her perspective, I realized that she did not have the privilege to speak with carefully wrought sentences; she had to be responsive in real life. But when I started teaching easier words, Anastasiia already knew them all.


Was it the mechanics of pronouncing these words? I researched the best ways to break words into syllables and demonstrate tongue movements, but the detailed instructions seemed to help little.


Maybe, I realized, the problem was less technical than emotional–a problem of embarrassment, not skill. Hence, I started having her teach me Ukrainian words. There I was, struggling to pronounce a simple farewell, or [proshchavaj] in phonetic notation. She laughed, and I laughed too, in a shared understanding of the intricacies of language learning, of how our lived experiences shaped the phonemes we were accustomed to. 


Today, solving problems from different perspectives has become my greatest skill. From Anastasiia, who spoke bravely thereafter, I learned that what we perceive as problems are often entirely different from what we ought to solve. As a student in the University of California school system, I would strive to continue exercising this skill to devise solutions that would not have occurred to me otherwise, whether it be solving problems during classes or challenges faced by the school community.