Common app
        
Discuss an accomplishment, event, or realization that sparked a period of personal growth and a new understanding of yourself or others.


Four years ago, I couldn’t have imagined myself wearing an ugly khaki uniform, sitting on a log starting a fire from scratch. The thought of that uniform gave me goosebumps. Little did I know that it was going to spark a period of personal growth and an inner realization for me.
 
Back then, I was like most boys: we liked to act cool, be on the cutting edge. If everyone was going to the movies with their friends, I was doing that too. I even started playing the game PUBG because everyone else was, despite not enjoying it at all. My grades suffered as a result, but I was convinced that if I didn’t, I wouldn’t be cool, wouldn’t have friends, and would be worthless. 
 
My dad – not a middle schooler – obviously did not care about such things. Having grown up on a farm, he thought I wasted too much time with gadgets in our tech-filled city. So, when my friend from elementary school visited us to recruit for the Boy Scouts, my dad and I had opposite reactions: his face lit up and eyes opened wide, while a bad feeling spread throughout my entire body. It was like he had been waiting for this moment, whereas all I could think of was: scouting? What a lame thing.
 
I didn’t even get the chance to resist, though. My dad dragged me to the very next Saturday Boy Scouts meeting. Like a student attending a lecture on a complex topic they have no prior knowledge of, I sat through the whole thing questioning why I was there. Even worse, it was all in English, and I was too embarrassed to speak out loud. I hated everything.
 
A few weeks later, my mood was only souring as raindrops pattered on my dad’s car and the radio wailed sad classical music. I could only think about how lame I looked in my uniform as we drove further and further into the middle of nowhere. When we finally arrived at Nowhere, it was already 6 and the sun had set. Getting out of the car, I immediately sneezed as the cold wrapped its arms around me. Then I heard my name.
 
The call had come from a group of boys sitting around a campfire, all waving at me. Looking at them, I thought the uniforms actually looked good in the forest, and suddenly, I felt a little less embarrassed about wearing mine. As I took my place among them and joined the conversation, they seemed like me: teenage boys who wanted to be cool and liked. But there was also something that was different between them. It was the thing that had made me so resistant and worried instead of taking the chance to laugh and make new friends. It was the thing that made them seem so cool and at ease in those dark woods.
 
It was confidence. I realized then— it was all confidence. The reason why I thought Boy Scouts was so humiliating was because I lacked confidence in myself. For a confident man, what mattered most was how you viewed yourself.
 
Four years later, I’ve become one of the most experienced scouts in the troop. Since committing to the scouts, I have tried to live the life that I want and do things that I like rather than just what is popular. It hasn’t always been easy: I lost a lot of attention and friends after I tried to live more confidently and truthfully. But I know the friends who stuck with me through it all are true. There are still times when I find myself falling back into old habits, choosing things because they seem popular, and I want to fit in.
 
Mostly, though, I’m proud to don the uniform and teach the younger kids how they, too, can have the courage just to be themselves.


Would you like to share any additional details or qualifications not reflected in the application?*
I am a kid with a lot of thoughts and ideas in my head and a love of tinkering. One of my favorite hobbies since childhood has been re-creating anything and everything I see: drawings, stories, movies, robots. I still remember that my favorite thing to do in first grade was illustrate the textbooks—especially Literature. I filled two whole pages of my English textbook with a rendition of a Sudanese scene from the story “A Long Walk to Water.”
 
When I discovered my father had a toolbox and I was no longer limited to pen and paper, my excitement skyrocketed. I started by building my pet hamster a shelter that I had been designing in my head for a long time with a glue gun and popsicle sticks. I ended up building more than 6 shelters for the hamster before it left me. However, my first project with actual automatic tools came at a construction summer camp the next year. We had to build a shelter not for a hamster, but for ourselves.
 
The more skills and experiences I acquire, the bigger the dreams I can turn into actions, and this eventually leads to my greatest project till today, which is a 3-meter-high ecosystem for my turtles. As a big fan of turtles, I’ve been having them as pets for years, and giving them an environment that greatly resembles the natural environment is always a dream of mine. I started with building its structure which is made up of metal sticks and wooden boards, in order to make it alterable, I dug grooves and stuck them together instead of nailing them. Next is my favorite part, which is waterworks. In order to resemble the natural environment, I need to add a lot of vegetation which requires a lot of watering, at the same time, the water area for turtles needs fresh water too. Therefore, I need to design the pipes so that it satisfies all the needs. This is my favorite part because I get to work with concepts that I don’t usually use, like the siphon phenomenon. Last, I need to poke holes and combine the pipes together and it’s all done. The accomplishments I felt still give me goosebumps even today. A lot of people ask me why I don’t just buy one which is much easier. Although my answer is always “because it is expensive”, however, I enjoy not just the result but also the process, the holes I drill, the pipes I connect, and most importantly, the integration of the ideas in my mind and the real world. As I grew up, my mindset turned mature, and my aspirations have evolved, I now look forward to exploring the realms beyond the human eye, delving into the fascinating worlds of cells and nanotechnology. The process of bringing my thoughts to life, from drawing scenes in textbooks to constructing intricate ecosystems, has not only fueled my creativity but also honed my problem-solving skills.