Personal insight questions
Describe an example of your leadership experience in which you have positively influenced others, helped resolve disputes, or contributed to group efforts over time.
Since age 10, scouting has always been my place to relax and have fun away from the pressures of school. I've spent most of my weekends and summers at scout activities; I've always been proud to be a scout.

So when our troop was almost disbanded last year for lack of recruits, I was struck by overwhelming sadness. I realized I had taken this community for granted, overlooking the invisible efforts of dedicated scout leaders. It was up to me to turn things around. I campaigned for and was elected senior patrol leader, taking on all the responsibilities from organizing meetings to directing admissions. Logistics were one thing, but I never imagined the hardest part would be training the new scouts and overcoming their resistance to our culture.

Our new recruits were characteristically rebellious and sarcastic middle schoolers. And no one was more so than Oswald.

Oswald had been forced to join by his mother, and at the welcoming ceremony, when someone asked him why he had joined scouting, he answered: "I don't care about scouting at all. I'll quit as soon as I can."

His lousy attitude persisted. As scout leader, I looked for ways to help him enjoy scouting. One-on-one talks. Candy bribes. Nothing worked.

One day, I noticed that Oswald's lock screen was a beautiful picture of a coral reef. A great idea began to emerge in my mind: that summer, our troop would do something we had never done before-a one-week scub diving campout. And I had an extra twist in mindt: a pokemon (Oswald's favorite game) adventure, with cards scattered in many places, even underwater, in a sort of treasure hunt.

I'd never seen Oswald smile so much as after that campout. He started to take part in activities, even walking at the front of the troop like he couldn't wait for what was next. I'd finally found a way to bring him in.

Being troop leader has forced me to continually be innovative with building our community. Though it is sometimes difficult, the sense of achievement from seeing my scouts engaged is priceless.
What would you say is your greatest talent or skill? How have you developed and demonstrated that talent over time?
"Don't you need sheet music?" asked my friend Nick as we practiced our duet. In that moment, I realized that even though I had never relied on sheet music, always playing from memory, that wasn't the case for most people.

Memory had always been my strength: memorizing 198 sample questions a night in preparation for an exam was normal for me, and I had assumed it was for everyone else too. As long as I applied a fair amount of concentration while learning something, it usually only took me one try. The Storming of the Bastille occurred on July 14, 1789 was firmly imprinted in my mind until well beyond the end of the semester after just one class about the French Revolution. Recall like this was handy, but what I've found even more valuable is my ability to recall my past mistakes, and so, learn from them.

Austin's and my science fair project using Gel Electrophoresis was due to be presented in just hours when we realized we were out of batteries. We were doomed: it was late at night in a remote area and we didn't have enough current to run through the two wires that powered our machine. We were exhausted and ready to give up when I remembered a project from elementary school. At the time, we had to light up a small bulb with a fixed number of batteries and wires. I remembered the feeling of disappointment from failing to come up with a solution; but just as vividly, I remembered my teacher explaining parallel vs series circuits right after. Series circuits created more voltage, but parallel circuits created more current. What we needed now was more current - I reconfigured our wires, and our gel electrophoresis machine turned on.

We went to sleep calm that night, knowing we would have something at least functional for the competition the next day. My great memory rescued and saved me and Austin, and even more so when our project won 'Most Valuable Biology Project' at the fair.
Think about an academic subject that inspires you. Describe how you have furthered this interest inside and/or outside of the classroom.
Sunshine is critical to a turtle's health, but no one wants to find a turtle with blood in its mouth after falling from the balcony during its daily sunbath. Panicked, I immediately looked for a vet, but the closest animal hospital with a herpetologist was a two-hour drive from home-I didn't have a driver's license, let alone a car. All I could do was say goodbye as my turtle expired.

I didn't have the skills to help then, but I swore to never be so helpless again.

The next year, I immediately signed up for AP Biology. From there, I got the opportunity to be a lab assistant in Tsinghua University Biomedical Laboratory the following year: here was the chance to gain practical experience with small animals, learning how to track a medicine's route through an animal via IVIS spectrum, quantifying cell volume with trypan blue dye and a formula. I learned so much basic anatomy, and also did special experiments like trying to activate the immune response in mouse bone marrow cells.

A month ago, despite having added a metal dog cage for safety, one turtle still managed to escape. However, this time, I was prepared. There was no blood coming from its mouth, but its shell had a clean crack running through its beautiful pattern. I checked whether the injury was mostly external, or if it had also affected the turtle's internal plastron. Looking at the shell, I knew applying hemostasis to the bone part - where the blood vessels are, rather than the layer of stratum corneum - would be key. Next would be a tough few weeks of giving my turtle the appropriate medicine and nutrients. But at least, my turtle had a chance.



Although there is a notch on my turtle's shell, it is now healthy and full of vitality. I've continued to work in the laboratory, and hope to move on to human anatomy, learning what it takes to be a biomedical technician. I'm grateful to have been able to save my turtle, and one day, maybe I'll be able to save humans too.
What have you done to make your school or your community a better place?
I love animals. I have 6 turtles, two cats, and a dog. When I was younger, I always enjoyed watching all the exotic animals interacting in their natural habitats on National Geographic WILD. But I was heartbroken watching clips of sea turtles getting hurt by plastic straws and leopard cats getting hit by cars. I had to do something about it. So in 8th grade, I joined Boy Scouts and put my focus on ecological community services. However, even with these activities and the Boy Scouts, I felt I wasn't doing enough.

It was last summer that I heard there was a government volunteer environmental program recruiting new ecological volunteers. There was no way I could let this opportunity pass. Even though school was only getting busier, I still signed up for the training courses. That was just the first step: 30 hours of ecological training, including 10 hours outdoors in muddy wetlands while it was pouring. However, the image of the sea turtle suffering from plastics kept appearing in my head. I withstood the challenges and passed the training course.

Our duties were unrelenting: on holidays and weekends - including Lunar New Year - we had responsibilities of a minimum of 3 hours every day. During the summer, three hours felt even longer in the humid, scorching Taiwan heat. But no matter how tired or exhausted I felt, it was simple expressions of gratitude, like the ones from the Wild Bird Federations about our effort in rebuilding native birds' habitats, that kept me going. Knowing our efforts were recognized and valued, I would remember that all of this was for the animals. With that, my determination to persevere and make contributions even in the face of obstacles would be wholly renewed.

In fact, this year, our efforts have yielded a significant increase in the population of little terns migrating to the wetland for reproduction. Every improvement happens step-by-step, but added up over time, we can make a difference.