Draft 5:
“I am disappointed.” One of the people I cared most about shook his head as I approached him after the race. His words imprinted into my mind. 
 
I joined the swimming team in 7th grade to keep a childhood hobby alive. My teammates, however, had all started in elementary school and were all national and regional champions—much due to Coach Chang, who always held everyone to high standards. It was immediately clear how behind I was. However, Coach especially looked out for me, working overtime to instruct me on swimming techniques. In just a year, I rapidly improved, and Coach Chang felt I was ready for a regional competition. I was excited for my first competition; most of all, it was time to pay back my coach by doing well.
 
The competition pool was much larger than the one I usually trained at. Seeing the other athletes made my legs quiver: they were all taller, stronger, fitter than me. The pressure was palpable. With the blow of a whistle, I was stunned on land; with those first few seconds of delay, I’d completely ruined my first-ever competition. Getting out of the pool and seeing Coach standing there with his arms crossed over his chest and legs firmly planted on the ground sent shivers down my spine; his shoulders were tense, and his gaze was piercing. That is when Coach told me the words I would never forget. 
 
I did not return to training the next day. My phone was filled with unread messages from my swim mates asking where I’d been; I sealed myself in my room, staring into the abyss as pieces of the competition played over in my head. My love for swimming retreated as those three words echoed in my brain. Suddenly, my phone buzzed: it was Coach. I ended the call. A few seconds later, Coach called again. I reluctantly picked up, and there were no harsh words, no criticisms. Instead, he told me his story.

He had trained since he was a toddler, always putting swimming before everything else. But one day, he had a blowout argument with his father. Only later did he realize what an advantage the extreme training, harsh words, and isolation his father put him through were. However, even if Coach wanted to swim again, his body had already passed its prime. Coach said, “Giving up is never an option if you want to achieve something great; by the time you start regretting, it might be too late.” His words were an epiphany: I no longer wanted to be the quitter I was.
 
The next day, I woke up at five and went straight to training. I spent approximately five hours each day in the pool. For a year, no matter how sore my muscles were, how cold the weather was, or how infected my pink eye was, my determination to train remained resolute. 

Finally, the annual swimming competition came again. This time, I had experience, confidence, and skills built over two years. With the blow of a whistle, I leaped into the bone-shriveling water. My mind was focused: there was only the water and me. With the blink of an eye, I touched the finishing wall. I looked around me, and seeing no one, I knew I had finished first in my group. When I looked at the timer and saw I had finally beaten my personal best record by almost five seconds, I leaped out of the water with tears in my eyes and gave Coach a big hug. Words can't describe how grateful I was to be able to return the dedication and patience Coach had shown me.
 
That was the second moment imprinted in my mind forever: Coach Chang’s look of pride as I climbed out of the pool. It was the greatest proof of the power of perseverance, something I won’t ever let go of.
 
Draft 4:
“I am disappointed.” The third person I cared about the most shook his head as I approached him after the race. Those words were imprinted into my mind. 

I joined the swimming team in 7th grade to keep a childhood hobby alive and stay healthy. My teammates, however, had all started in elementary school and were all manners of national and regional champions—in no small part due to Coach Chang, who always held everyone to high expectations. It was immediately clear how behind I was. However, the coach has especially cared for me, working overtime to instruct me on swimming techniques. With his help, I rapidly improved. At the beginning of eighth grade, I had completed a full year of training, and Coach Chang felt I was ready for a regional competition. I was excited for my first competition; most of all, it was time to pay back my coach by doing well. 

The competition pool was much larger than the one I trained at. Seeing all the trained athletes made my legs quiver: they were all taller, stronger, and fitter than me. The pressure completely crushed me. With the blow of a whistle, my competitors leaped into the pool, leaving me stunned and alone on land. With those first few seconds of delay, I had completely ruined my first-ever competition and my chance to prove myself. Getting out of the pool and seeing Coach standing there with his arms crossed over his chest and legs firmly planted on the ground sent shivers down my spine; his shoulders were tense, and his gaze was piercing. That is when coach told me the words I would never forget. 

I did not return to training the next day. My phone was filled with unread messages from my swimmates asking where I’d been; I sealed myself in my room, staring into the abyss with fractions of the competitions playing in my head. My love for swimming slowly faded away as those three words echoed in my brain. Suddenly, a buzz came from my phone, and on the screen, it showed coach was calling. I hunged up. Then, a few seconds later, coach called again. I reluctantly picked up the phone, and straight away, he started telling me his life story. He had a blowout argument with his father but later realizes what an advantage the extreme training, harsh words, and isolation his father put him through was. However, even if coach wanted to swim again, his body had already passed its prime. Coach said, “Giving up is never an option if you want to achieve something great; by the time you start to regret your choices, it might be too late.” His words gave me an epiphany: I no longer want to be the quitter I am.

The next day, I woke up at five and went straight to training. I tirelessly swung my hands and recalled all the techniques coach had taught me while practicing. As soon as I finished school, I went straight to the swimming pool. For a year, no matter how sore my muscles were, how cold the weather was, or the times when I got pink eye, my willpower to train non-stop remained firm. 

Finally, the annual swimming competition came again, and without hesitation, I signed up. This time, I had experience, confidence, and skills built over two years. With the blow of a whistle, I leaped into the bone-shriveling water. My mind was focused, and there was only the water and me. With the blink of an eye, I touched the finishing wall. I looked around me, and seeing no one, I knew I had finished first in my group. I couldn’t contain my joy; I wavered my hands in the sky and screamed like a five-year-old. When I looked at the timer and saw I had finally beaten my personal best record by almost five seconds, I leaped out of the water with tears in my eyes and gave coach a big hug. Words can't describe how grateful I am to be able to give back to coach’s dedication and patience that he had shown me.

That was the second moment that was imprinted in my mind forever: Coach Chang’s look of pride as I climbed out of the pool. It was the greatest proof I had of the power of perseverance, something I won’t ever let go of.


Draft 3:
“I am disappointed.” The third person I cared about the most shook his head as I approached him after the race. Those words were imprinted into my mind. 

I joined the swimming team in 7th grade to keep a childhood hobby alive and stay healthy. My teammates, however, had all started in elementary school and were all manners of national and regional champions—in no small part due to Coach Chang, who always held everyone to high expectations. It was immediately clear how behind I was. However, the coach has especially cared for me, working overtime to instruct me on swimming techniques. With his help, I rapidly improved. At the beginning of eighth grade, I had completed a full year of training, and Coach Chang felt I was ready for a regional competition. I was excited for my first competition; most of all, it was time to pay back my coach by doing well. 

The competition pool was much larger than the one I trained at. Seeing all the trained athletes made my legs quiver: they were all taller, stronger, and fitter than me. The pressure completely crushed me. With the blow of a whistle, my competitors leaped into the pool, leaving me stunned and alone on land. With those first few seconds of delay, I had completely ruined my first-ever competition and my chance to prove myself. Getting out of the pool and seeing Coach standing there with his arms crossed over his chest and legs firmly planted on the ground sent shivers down my spine; his shoulders were tense, and his gaze was piercing. That is when coach told me the words I would never forget. 

I did not return to training the next day. My phone was filled with unread messages from my swimmates asking where I’d been; I sealed myself in my room, staring into the abyss with fractions of the competitions playing in my head. My love for swimming slowly faded away as those three words echoed in my brain. Suddenly, a buzz came from my phone, and on the screen, it showed coach was calling. I hunged up. Then, a few seconds later, coach called again. I reluctantly picked up the phone, and straight away, he started telling me his life story. He had a blowout argument with his father but later realizes what an advantage the extreme training, harsh words, and isolation his father put him through was. However, even if coach wanted to swim again, his body had already passed its prime. Coach said, “Giving up is never an option if you want to achieve something great; by the time you start to regret your choices, it might be too late.” His words gave me an epiphany: I no longer want to be the quitter I am.

The next day, I woke up at five and went straight to training. I tirelessly swung my hands and recalled all the techniques coach had taught me while practicing. As soon as I finished school, I went straight to the swimming pool. For a year, no matter how sore my muscles were, how cold the weather was, or the times when I got pink eye, my willpower to train non-stop remained firm. 

Finally, the annual swimming competition came again, and without hesitation, I signed up. This time, I had experience, confidence, and skills built over two years. With the blow of a whistle, I leaped into the bone-shriveling water. My mind was focused, and there was only the water and me. With the blink of an eye, I touched the finishing wall. I looked around me, and seeing no one, I knew I had finished first in my group. I couldn’t contain my joy; I wavered my hands in the sky and screamed like a five-year-old. When I looked at the timer and saw I had finally beaten my personal best record by almost five seconds, I leaped out of the water with tears in my eyes and gave coach a big hug. 

That was the second moment that was imprinted in my mind forever: Coach Chang’s look of pride as I climbed out of the pool. It was the greatest proof I had of the power of perseverance, something I won’t ever let go of.


Draft 2:

“I am disappointed.” My coach shook his head as I approached him after the race. Those words imprinted into my mind. 

I joined the swimming team in 7th grade mostly to keep a childhood hobby alive and stay healthy. My teammates, however, had all started in elementary school and were all manners of national and regional champions—in no small part due to Coach Chang, who always held everyone to high expectations. It was immediately clear how behind I was. 
In the beginning, I rapidly improved. At the beginning of eighth grade, I had completed a full year of training, and Coach Chang felt I was ready for a regional competition. I was excited for my first competition; most of all, it was time to pay back my coach by doing well. 

The competition pool was much larger than the one I usually trained at. Beside the pool, swimmers were warming up and preparing for battle. Just seeing all these trained athletes was enough to make me panic: they were all taller, stronger, and fitter than me. Even worse, I was the first in our team to compete, which would impact the whole team’s morale if I failed. The pressure completely crushed me. With the blow of a whistle, my competitors leaped into the pool, leaving me stunned and alone on land. With those first few seconds of delay, I had completely ruined my first-ever competition. When I got out of the pool, I saw my coach standing there with his arms crossed over his chest, leg firmly planted on the ground; his shoulders were tense, and his gaze was piercing. That is when my coach told me the words I would never forget. 

I did not return to training. I was so devastated that I was considering quitting swimming forever. Then, one day, Coach Chang showed up at my house unannounced. He sat me down and told me a story about a boy born to a swimming coach, practically raised in the swimming pool. The father always dreamed of his boy growing up to complete his unrealized dream of becoming a national swimming athlete. He pushed the boy to his max; the boy did little besides study and swimming. After seventeen years, the boy broke down. He had a blowout argument with his father and gave up swimming forever. Now, the boy is almost thirty-five, but ironically, coaches swimming for a living. Looking back, the boy realizes what an advantage the extreme training, harsh words, and isolation his father put him through was. However, even if the boy wanted to swim again, his body had already passed its prime. Coach Chang said, “Giving up is never an option if you want to achieve something great; by the time you start to regret your choices, it might be too late.”

The next day, I woke up at five and went straight to training. As soon as I finished school, I went to the swimming pool. For a year, no matter how busy I was, I still joined every training session. Finally, the annual swimming competition came again, and without hesitation, I signed up. This time, I had experience, confidence, and skills built over two years. With the blow of a whistle, I leaped into the bone-shriveling water. My mind was focused, and there was only the water and me. With the blink of an eye, I touched the finishing wall. I looked around me, and seeing no one, I knew I had finished first in my group. I looked at the timer and saw I had finally beaten my personal best record by almost five seconds. 

That was the second moment that will be imprinted in my mind forever: Coach Chang’s look of pride as I climbed out of the pool. It was the greatest proof I had of the power of perseverance, something I won’t ever let go of.




Draft 1:
Prompt: The lessons we take from obstacles we encounter can be fundamental to later success. Recount a time when you faced a challenge, setback, or failure. How did it affect you, and what did you learn from the experience?

Reason: I used to be a swimmer starting from 7th grade; compared to others I started quite late as they all started in their elementary years. Every day I trained for 1 hour in the morning from 6-7 and 2 hours at night from 5-7, however, in my first and second competitions my scores were not ideal.


“I am disappointed with you,” my coach shook his head and told me right after I finished the swimming competition; those were the words forever imprinted in my mind. What would you do if you constantly failed to meet the expectation of someone who cared about you so much? Would you have given up, or would you attempt to satisfy them? These were the questions I grappled with when I first joined the swimming them. The swimming team I joined was filled with national and regional champions, and my coach always held high expectations for everyone, including me. I joined the team at the start of my seventh-grade year, wanting to continue a childhood hobby of mine while keeping me healthy. Entering a swimming team at that age is considered pretty late for an athlete, as most of my teammates have been swimming since elementary school. That means I must put in extra work to catch up with my peers. I would say the heart and soul of our team have to be my coach Chang; everyone on the team has very close relations with the coach, and he is like a second father to us, particularly to me.  From the moment I first met my coach, I knew that he was someone who would push me to be my best and help me achieve my goals. He is a dedicated individual who understands you and is always there when you needed. The effort my coach put especially into compelling me to achieve better is immeasurable; however, there was a time when I constantly failed his expectation and made the coach I look up to disappointed with me.

In the beginning, I rapidly improved in every swimming style; I swam faster and faster with every periodical test until one month, all improvements ceased as if I had reached the peak of my capability. I recall it being the start of my eighth-grade year, my coach felt I was ready for a regional competition as I have been training for one year. I was very excited the night before the competition since it was my first ever official competition, and more importantly, it was my time to pay back my coach’s hard work by achieving a good score. The swimming pool where the competition was hosted was much larger than the one I trained at; besides the pool, many athletes like me were warming up and preparing for the battle. When I saw all these trained athletes who were taller, stronger, and fitter than me, I started to panic; making things worst, I was the first in our team to compete, which made me a deciding factor in my team’s morale. The immense pressure made me completely break down; wanting to quit immediately, I still dragged myself onto the swimming block trembling with anxiety. With the blow of a whistle, the competitors beside me all leaped into the pool, leaving me stunned on land. For just that few seconds of delay, I had completely ruined my first-ever competition. When I got out of the pool, in the distance, I saw my coach standing there with his arms crossed over his chest and his leg firmly planted on the ground; his shoulders were tense, and in his gaze, I could sense his disappointment. I walked up to my coach, knowing that not only have I let myself down, I had also let my coach down; I had been training an entire just for this moment, but I messed it up. That is when my coach told me the words I would never forget. For the next few weeks, I did not return back for training: I was devastated. I was so traumatized by the event that I thought of quitting swimming forever. It was until one day that Coach Chang showed up at my house unnotified. He sat down next to me and told me a story about a boy who was born to a swimming coach father who raised the boy in the swimming pool. The father has always dreamt of his boy growing up to become a national swimming athlete that could complete the dream that he never achieved. He pushed the boy to his maximum capacity; besides studying and swimming, he did not allow the boy to chase any of his own dreams. After seventeen years, the boy broke down. He had a massive argument with his father and gave up swimming forever. Now the boy is almost thirty-five, but ironically, he leads swimming teams for a living. Looking back, the boy realizes that all the extreme training, harsh words, and isolation his father puts him through is for him to achieve a better self. However, even if the boy wanted to swim again, his body had already passed its prime period. Coach Chang told me, “Giving up is never an option if you want to achieve something great; by the time you start to regret your choices, it might be too late.” These words from my coach gave me an epiphany. 

The next day I woke up early at five and joined the training, and as soon as I finished school, I went straight to the swimming pool. For a year, I trained tirelessly without giving myself any breaks. Finally, the annual swimming competition came again, and without hesitation, I signed up. This time I have experience, confidence, and the skills I have built up over the past year. With the blow of a whistle, I leaped into the bone-shriveling water; however, this time, my mind was blank, I wasn’t distracted by anything instead, I just focused on pushing my legs and arms. With what to be thought of as a blink of an eye, I’ve touched the finishing walls. I looked around me, seeing no one besides that, when I knew I had finished first in my group; I looked up at the timer and saw I had finally beaten my personal best record, which I had improved by almost five seconds. Despite not being able to get into the finale, I met my coach’s expectations and broke my own record. Coach Chang couldn’t have been prouder. Looking back, I was pretty impressed by myself being able to manage my training schedule while keeping a good score in high school. I learned that with perseverance and hard work, you can power through obstacles and achieve your goals.












Introduction
Attention-getter/hook
What would you do if you constantly fail to meet the expectation of a person who cared about you so much? Would you have given up or would you attempt to satisfy them?
Significance of topic
Significance of the topic to you
This is one of the events in my life that I put the most effort in to try to achieve my swimming goals and my coach’s expectation
Significance of the topic to your reader
It shows how I power through obstacles and tries to achieve my best to meet the expectations of my coach
Thesis (What is the central idea you want to get across with your essay?)
With perseverance and hard work, obstacles can be overcome and you can achieve your goal
Set-up
Background about the event—to allow a reader to understand
History of people or events 
Swimming Team Coach
Swimming Competition 2020, 2019, and 2021
Relevant details about the event
A couple of national-level competitions and regional competition
More than 400 participants
People involved
Description of relevant physical characteristics
Pro: Fit, Responsive(During sport not really during life)
Con: Low stamina, small lung capacity
Description of relevant personality characteristics
Pro: Persevere, determined
Con: Lazy, Don’t perform well under pressure
Setting
Description of setting using five senses
Freezing water that thrills your body as soon as you touch it
Humid Air that filled the space
Crowded ground with people preparing for the competition
Loud announcements for people to check in for the upcoming competition
Explanation of the significance of the setting
The setting makes me feel great pressure which I have to fight against to perform well in the competition
Short anecdote or foreshadowing
Details establishing conflict
For an entire month, I can’t exceed my personal best time and I showed no sign of improvement
Details establishing the stakes for people
Due to the time consumption of the  training time, I lose ou ton the time to focus on my academics which I had to try to squeeze 
Beginning of Event
Explain how things started to happen 
I joined the swimming team at the start of seventh grade where I tried to become an athlete. I started by trying to beat my Personal Best score
Show what people did to reach the point where the event was imminent—point of no return.
I
Detailed sensory description of what happened

Feelings about what happened

Climax of Event
Things come to a head
Join a couple of regional competitions however I did not get an ideal score moreover my score was worst than my personal best sore
Detailed sensory description

Feelings about what happened
I was very frustrated, I thought I had put in my best training tirelessly every day however it was just not reflecting on my score. I was at my personal low point feeling upset for an entire week.
Resolution of Event
Tell how things end up
After tireless training, going to training every day (6:00-7:00 am & 17:00-1900 pm) I finally break my personal best record that I was stuck with for months, although I didn’t get into the finale of the competition I meet my coach’s expectations and broke my own record.
Sum up the event



Show not tell
Keep parts you want them to know about you
It's my 10th time trying to beat my own personal best score
Competition with yourself
I raised my hands in the air because I beat my own PB
Add dialogs/descriptions
Second line already told the reader everything(Dont do it)