t5. Discuss an accomplishment, event, or realization that sparked a period of personal growth and a new understanding of yourself or others.
7/10/2023 - final
The definition of a captain/leader has always been a question for me. When I joined the badminton team in primary school, the captain was chosen based on being the top player. In junior high, the Acappella club I attended was led by the oldest student. In high school, the Robotics team I joined had a captain with the most experience. Every place defines captaincy and leadership differently.
People often say that becoming a captain demonstrates leadership and that being a cadre indicates strong leadership abilities. However, I often question these notions because I have seen many cadres and captains who lack the so-called leadership skills and obtain their positions through parental intervention and extensive connections. Initially, I couldn't understand the relationship between a leader and a captain until I joined the Robotics Team, an experience that guided me to comprehend what it means to be a leader and a captain.
As a robot team captain, I always repeat these words, trying to push my team members and keep them on the right track. "What are you doing?" "We're still far from done." "This air valve should not be placed here because it will get stuck directly on this wheel."
In the beginning, none of us knew each other well. We simply divided the work, engaged in discussions, and worked hard together. Although we weren't very familiar with the parts and the competition process, the enthusiasm of our team members drove us to put in our best efforts from the start. Everyone was enthusiastic, like machines with boundless energy. The only break we took was during lunchtime. I genuinely enjoyed this atmosphere because it exemplified everyone's loyalty to Robotics.
However, as the machines became more complex and the small parts more challenging to assemble, a very small assembly error may cause the entire device to need to be reassembled. The most memorable instance was when we were assembling the intake mechanism for catching discs. During the construction of our first-generation robot, we had to modify the intake's length multiple times, adjusting the spacing of the wheels more than ten times. When we were on the verge of completing the assembly, we discovered that the supporting C-Channel was installed upside down. The feeling of assembling and disassembling repeatedly was despairing. Every time we fixed one problem, other details were often forgotten. Just working on the intake alone would take over 15 hours.
When my teammates felt that our machine was almost complete, I responded directly, saying, "It's still early!" and started pointing out the problems with our machine. My intuition told me that as a team captain, if I gave up, the entire team would lose its momentum. This was an unacceptable fact, and I knew I couldn't falter. It was my responsibility to supervise my teammates' progress and ensure that the construction of the robot was on the right track. This drove me to strive for perfection.
Gradually, I noticed that everyone's enthusiasm waned when we had to dismantle the original machine to build a new generation, and when we repeatedly built and dismantled, and when I pointed out areas for improvement. By the time we reached the stage of building the third and largest robot, with a completely different design for the intake and endgame structure, the team's progression had almost come to a halt.
At that point, I began to question the responsibilities of a team captain. I was perplexed and wondered why everyone had lost their initial motivation for joining the robotics team. The entire team was filled with despair and silence.
The season had been ongoing for a long time, with classes from morning until afternoon, leaving everyone exhausted. The section I was in charge of remained unfinished. Although I truly wanted to continue working without wasting any time, I noticed that our team had become demoralized. Some teammates were sighing repeatedly.
In the past, it was common for me to directly assist a teammate, complete the device they were in charge of, or provide advice. However, I decided to make a change. I invited all team members to come together and combine all the parts, even if they weren't perfect and had several issues. I was fully aware that the final result would require disassembling it again. I knew that our machine was still far from completion and that we shouldn't waste time on insignificant matters. However, I resolutely took the lead.
When all the parts were assembled, we witnessed the creation of a large and fully functional machine. As I started the machine, it successfully received and automatically shot the disc toward the goal. As my teammate operated the robot, it obediently followed their control, sucking in the disc and shooting it into the goal. As the team leader, I had an epiphany. At that moment, all of us cheered. We watched, manipulated, and played with the machine for over an hour. The difference, however, was the change in the team's atmosphere. There was no longer silence or repeated lamentations. Instead, every teammate felt a renewed sense of hope. That hour changed everything. In the subsequent competitions, our progress got back on track. It wasn't because we had a new design or achieved immediate success, but because our team's atmosphere had changed, motivating everyone to work towards our goals.
Looking back on it now, I used to firmly believe that as a team leader, it was crucial to work consistently and continuously to push the members' progress. I believed that guiding the team to work in unison and supervising each member's tasks were the defining qualities of a "true" leader. However, through my experience in the Robotics Team, I have come to realize that under prolonged pressure, teammates may lose sight of the possibility of success. It is essential to help each member perceive the importance of their work in an integrating project. Visualizing the possibility of achieving a successful final robot brings the team back together. The repetitive process of constructing the design becomes critical and meaningful. This characteristic is what shapes a true leader.

7/10/2023
The definition of a captain/leader has always been a question for me. When I joined the badminton team in primary school, the captain was chosen based on being the top player. In junior high, the Acappella club I attended was led by the oldest student. In high school, the Robotics team I joined had a captain with the most experience. Every place defines captaincy and leadership differently.
People often say that becoming a captain demonstrates leadership and that being a cadre indicates strong leadership abilities. However, I often question these notions because I have seen many cadres and captains who lack the so-called leadership skills and obtain their positions through parental intervention and extensive connections. Initially, I couldn't understand the relationship between a leader and a captain until I joined the Robotics Team, an experience that guided me to comprehend what it means to be a leader and a captain.
	"What are you doing?"
"We're still far from done"
"This air valve should not be placed here, because it will be stuck directly on this wheel"
	As a robot team captain, I always repeat these words, trying to push my team member in order to keep on the right track. 
	In the beginning, none of us knew each other well. We simply divided the work, engaged in discussions, and worked hard together. Although we weren't very familiar with the parts and the competition process, the enthusiasm of our team members drove us to put in our best efforts from the start. Everyone was enthusiastic, like machines with boundless energy. The only break we took was during lunchtime. I genuinely enjoyed this atmosphere because it exemplified everyone's loyalty to Robotics.
	However, as the machines became more complex and the small parts more challenging to assemble, a very small assembly error may cause the entire device to need to be reassembled. The most memorable instance was when we were assembling the intake mechanism for catching discs. 在第一代機器人身上，我們光是intake的長度就改了3次，每個intake的輪子的間距就調整了超過10次. When we were on the verge of completing the assembly, we discovered that支撐的C-Channel裝上下顛倒了。那種裝了就拆，拆了又裝的感覺是絕望的，每當改善一個問題，其他細節又常常被遺忘。光是做第一代的intake的時候，花的時間可能就超過15小時. When my teammates feel that our machine is almost complete, I respond directly, saying, "It's still early!" and start pointing out the problems with our machine. 
我的()告訴我，身為一個隊長如果先放棄，整個團隊將無法繼續前進。這是一個很無法接受的事實，但是我知道我還不能倒下。"隊長的職責 is to supervise teammate’s progession and make sure the construction of the robot is on the right track. " This is what has stimulated me to make everything perfect. 
	Gradually, I noticed that everyone's enthusiasm waned as when we 拆掉原本的機器 to build a new generation, when we 蓋了又拆，拆了又蓋, and when they 被我指出待加強的地方。 到了要蓋第三台大機器, where we decided to build the last, the largest, and completely different design of intake and endgame structure. The team progression has almost stopped。
我在這時對於隊長的職責產生非常大的疑問，我心裡非常的納悶，我明明已經盡我的職責，我明明已經履行what the 'True' leader supposes to be. 但是，我很明顯的感覺得到everyone lost their 初衷 of joining the robotics team. 整個團隊裡只充滿著絕望和寂靜。
The season had been ongoing for a long time, and we attended classes from morning until afternoon, leaving everyone exhausted. The section I was in charge of remained unfinished. Although I truly wanted to continue working without wasting any time, I noticed that our team had become demoralized. Some teammates were sighing repeatedly.
	In the past, it was common for me to directly assist a teammate, complete the device they were in charge of, or provide advice. However, 責I decided to make a change.
I invited all team members to come together and combine all the parts, even if they weren't perfect and had several issues. 我其實很清楚最終的結果還是要把它拆掉，我很清楚這台機器距離完成還有很遙遠的路要走，我很清楚我們不應該浪費時間在這種無意義的地方，但是, I resolutely took the lead. When all the parts were assembled, we witnessed the creation of a large and fully functional machine. As I started the machine, it successfully received and automatically shot the disc toward the goal. As my teamdriver activate the robot, it completely follow the driver’s control, sucking in the disc, and shot the disc into the goal. As I teamleader, 我恍然大悟。At that moment, all of us cheered. We watched, manipulated, and played with the machine for over an hour. The difference, however, was the change in the team's atmosphere. There was no longer silence or repeated lamentations. Instead, every teammate felt a renewed sense of hope. That hour changed everything. In the subsequent competitions, our progress got back on track. It wasn't because we had a new.
I used to firmly believe that as a team leader, it was crucial to work consistently and continuously to push the member’s progress. I believed that guiding the team to work in unison and supervising each member’s task were the defining qualities of a “true” leader. However, I have come to realize under this kind of long-term pressure, teammates were unable to perceive the possibility and see the potential for success. Gradually, their motivation gradually waned, and feel that their contribution was no longer meaningful. Through my experience of participation in the Robotics Team, I learn the importance of helping each member perceive the importance of their work in an integrating project. I notice that visualizing the possibility of the final robot (success) brings the team back together. The repetition of constructing the design becomes critical and meaningful. This is the characteristic that shapes a true leader

 










NOt about how great you are
instead of focus on the team
observation through other team and my mistake



Introductory
I used to firmly believe that as a team leader, it was crucial to work consistently and continuously to push the member’s progress. I believed that guiding the team to work in unison and supervising each member’s task were the defining qualities of a “true” leader. However, I nder this kind of long-term pressure, teammates were unable to perceive the possibility and see the potential for success. Gradually, their motivation gradually waned, and feel that their contribution was no longer meaningful. Through my experience of participation in the Robotics Team, I learn the importance of helping each member perceive the importance of their work in an integrating project. I notice that visualizing the possibility of the final robot (success) brings the team back together. The repetition of constructing the design becomes critical and meaningful. This is the characteristic that shapes a true leader

Helping each member perceive the importance of his work in an integrating project 




7/10
focus: give people hope>?
captain 不一定會成為leader
when to change the atmosphere
明知道要拆掉 -> 讓他們看到成果，希望
bring hope -> take rest -> perceive final robot
visualize the possibility
a leader is not 不是站在一個高的角度，而沒有帶給他們vision
一個好的team leader 必須讓隊員們看到possible  做的到的可能性
superivse 
我原本認為? -> realization? not ask for perfect skills, motivation?
Introductory







7/9/2023
"What are you doing?"
"We're still far from done"
"This air valve should not be placed here, because it will be stuck directly on this wheel"
As a robot captain, I always repeat these words, try to push my team member, and give the necessary advice
The definition of a captain/leader has always been a question for me. When I joined the badminton team in primary school, the captain was chosen based on being the top player. In junior high, the Acappella club I attended was led by the oldest student. In high school, the Robotics team I joined had a captain with the most experience. Every place defines captaincy and leadership differently.
People often say that becoming a captain demonstrates leadership and that being a cadre indicates strong leadership abilities. However, I often question these notions because I have seen many cadres and captains who lack the so-called leadership skills and obtain their positions through parental intervention and extensive connections. Initially, I couldn't understand the relationship between a leader and a captain until I joined the Robotics Team, an experience that guided me to comprehend what it means to be a leader and a captain.
In the beginning, none of us knew each other well. We simply divided the work, engaged in discussions, and worked hard together. Although we weren't very familiar with the parts and the competition process, the enthusiasm of our team members drove us to put in our best efforts from the start. Everyone was enthusiastic, like machines with boundless energy. The only break we took was during lunchtime. I genuinely enjoyed this atmosphere because it exemplified everyone's loyalty to Robotics.
However, as the machines became more complex and the small parts more challenging to assemble, we encountered a bottleneck. My team members gradually became less enthusiastic, and our progress slowed down significantly. They even started throwing discs to each other during class time, wasting more than an hour. I felt angry at that time, not only because they were wasting everyone's time but also because it hindered the team's progress.
When I work with machines, I prefer a quiet environment because my mind keeps simulating the outcomes. Sometimes, I compare the machine to a C-Channel, as I contemplate the next device. I may also repeatedly disassemble a structure, believing that there must be a better design. Sometimes, this process takes 4-5 hours.
I am straightforward in my communication. When I see a well-designed installation, I express my opinion directly. Conversely, when I feel that the device designed by my teammates is not functional, I provide sincere and direct feedback. When my teammates feel that our machine is almost complete, I respond directly, saying, "It's still early!" and start pointing out the problems with our machine. While this approach may help my teammates become aware of the current situation, it can certainly dent their confidence.
Gradually, I noticed that everyone's enthusiasm waned because as we built the machine, we would often dismantle and redo the same device. The most memorable instance was when we were assembling the intake mechanism for catching discs. Initially, I designed its length and width, but we repeatedly disassembled it. Sometimes, when we were on the verge of completing the assembly, we discovered that we had forgotten the supporting pillars. Seeing that broke my heart because forgetting a pillar meant going back to square one before we could remove it. Despite firmly believing that it was an inevitable part of the process and that redoing it would lead to further improvements, I failed to realize that others had a different perspective.
During the camp, we were modifying our third-generation robot. The camp had been ongoing for a long time, and we attended classes from morning until afternoon, leaving everyone exhausted. The section I was in charge of remained unfinished. Although I truly wanted to continue working, I noticed that our team had become demoralized. Some teammates were sighing repeatedly.
In the past, it was common for me to directly assist a teammate, complete the device they were in charge of, or provide advice. However, I decided to make a change. I invited all team members to come together and combine all the parts, even if they weren't perfect and had several issues. I resolutely took the lead. When all the parts were assembled, we witnessed the creation of a large and fully functional machine. As I started the machine, it successfully received and automatically shot Frisbees toward the goal. At that moment, all of us cheered. We watched, manipulated, and played with the machine for over an hour. The difference, however, was the change in the team's atmosphere. There was no longer silence or repeated lamentations. Instead, every teammate felt a renewed sense of hope. That hour changed everything. In the subsequent competitions, our progress got back on track. It wasn't because we had a new
During the camp, we were modifying our third-generation robot. The camp had been ongoing for a long time, and we attended classes from morning until afternoon, leaving everyone exhausted. The section I was in charge of remained unfinished. Although I truly wanted to continue working, I noticed that our team had become demoralized. Some teammates were sighing repeatedly.
In the past, it was common for me to directly assist a teammate, complete the device they were in charge of, or provide advice. However, I decided to make a change. I invited all team members to come together and combine all the parts, even if they weren't perfect and had several issues. I resolutely took the lead. When all the parts were assembled, we witnessed the creation of a large and fully functional machine. As I started the machine, it successfully received and automatically shot Frisbees toward the goal. At that moment, all of us cheered. We watched, manipulated, and played with the machine for over an hour. The difference, however, was the change in the team's atmosphere. There was no longer silence or repeated lamentations. Instead, every teammate felt a renewed sense of hope. That hour changed everything. In the subsequent competitions, our progress got back on track. It wasn't because we had a new design or any external factors; it was because our team atmosphere had transformed, motivating everyone to strive toward our goals.

(Rewrite “reflections”)
Instead of monitoring each team member’s performance, a good leader should 
Helping all member visionize the possibility of the project (—> alter the atmosphere of the team)
Helping each member perceive the importance of his work in an integrating project (—> encouraging self motivation)

Reflecting on all of this now, I would have previously regretted wasting an hour so recklessly. However, that golden hour created a future of leaps and bounds.
After going through that season, I realized that I am actually quite independent. I don't necessarily need mutual encouragement from my teammates because I can adjust my mindset well. Even in the face of setbacks, I can quickly bounce back. However, I recognize that everyone's situation is different.
I realized that shaping the team's atmosphere is the most important responsibility of a captain. Captains shouldn't rely solely on seniority or degrees; they are important, but changing the team's atmosphere can make the team unbreakable. It prevents fragmentation due to mistakes and disputes. The result of this is gaining the approval of others, as players can feel the care of the team leader.
It's not the person who becomes the captain that will be recognized by everyone, but rather the person who is recognized by everyone who becomes the leader of the team. Let's not forget the importance of our partners.





























7/8/2023

my confusion
Blame teammates
What do you think?
I think
The spirit of leadership

"What the hell are you doing?"
"We're still far from done"
"This air valve should not be placed here, because it will be stuck directly on this wheel"
As a robot captain, I keep repeating these words.

People often say that becoming a captain can show leadership, and becoming a cadre means that you have a good leadership ability, but I often question these ideas, because I often see many cadres and captains, and they do not show the so-called Leadership skills, and more are established through parental intervention and extensive connections. At the beginning, I couldn't understand the relationship between a leadership and the captain, until I entered the Robotics Team, and this event guided me to understand what a leader is and what a captain is

I have participated in many clubs since I was a child. The badminton team I joined in elementary school was captained by the top player in the team. The acappella I attended in junior high school was led by the oldest student. When I was in high school, the Robotics team I joined was captained by the person with the most experience.

but i don't think so

In fact, at the beginning, everyone didn't know each other very well, and there was no so-called team members and captains. We just did the proper division of labor, discussed with each other, and worked hard together. We are not very familiar with the parts and the competition process, but with the enthusiasm of a group of machines, all our team members worked very hard to join the camp at first. At first, all our teammates were very enthusiastic, almost incompetent cover machines. The only break is lunch time. I actually like this atmosphere very much, because I feel that everyone is very loyal to Robotics.

However, gradually, the machine became more and more complicated, and the small parts were also very difficult to assemble. We gradually hit a bottleneck. My team members began to gradually become slack, and the progress became very slow. They even threw discs to each other during class time, which wasted more than an hour. I was very angry at that time, because they not only wasted everyone's time, but also affected the progress of the team.

I speak very straight. When I see a good installation design, I express my opinion very directly. On the contrary, when I feel that the device designed by my teammates cannot be used, I will also express my opinion sincerely and directly. When my teammates feel that our machine is almost finished, I will answer directly, "It's still early!" and start pointing out the problems of our machine. While this can make my teammates aware of the current situation, it will definitely take a beating on their confidence.

In one camp, we were modifying our third generation robot. In fact, the camp had lasted for a very long time at that time, and we also went to class from morning to afternoon, and everyone became very tired. The section I was in charge of at the time was actually unfinished. In fact, I really want to continue the group. However, at this time I found that our team has become very bleak. I even had a teammate sighing in succession.

In the past, it was very possible for me to go directly to him, complete the device he was in charge of together with him, or provide some advice, but now I try to make a change, I invite all team members to combine all the parts, Even though he is not perfect, even though he has many problems, I still do it resolutely. When all the parts were assembled, all we could see was a very large and complete machine. When I started the machine, he successfully turned into a machine that can automatically receive automatic shooting from the disc. The moment we saw the disc hit the goal, all of us cheered. We just watched, manipulated him, and played for more than an hour. But the difference is that I feel a change in the atmosphere of the team, he is no longer silent, he is no longer mourning again and again. Instead, every teammate felt a renewed sense of hope. This hour changed everything. in the battalion that followed. Our progress is back on track. It's not because we have a new design, or because we..., but our team atmosphere has changed, and it's motivating everyone to move towards my goals.

Review all of this now. If it was me before, I would regret wasting an hour so badly. However, this golden hour. Created our future by leaps and bounds.




After going through this season, I realized that I am actually very independent. In fact, I don't really need mutual encouragement from my teammates, because I can adjust my mentality very well. Even if I encounter setbacks, I can still stand up quickly. However, I realized that everyone's situation is different

It is not the person who becomes the captain will be recognized by everyone, but the person who is recognized by everyone will become the leader of the team. Don't forget your partner.











































7/8/2023
	Accomplishment: Robotics
	New understanding: 
Time management

How to lead the team


	
	
Empathy —> understanding the need of your teammates

Taking care of personal needs v.s. Others’ need —> alter perspective


People often say that becoming a captain can show leadership, and become a leader represent