Draft 2:
I was born and raised in a conventional Taiwanese family, with my mother being an elementary teacher and my father being an engineer working in the science park. I have an older brother, and we are the closest buddies outside school. Yet, my family has this unique tradition of participating in voluntary work every month, such as mountain cleanup, since my parents are volunteers for the Taiwanese Forest Bureau. However, it wasn’t always the case back in eighth grade, when our family encountered a particularly challenging period.

It was the moment my world shifted when my mother was diagnosed with stage three cancer. As a middle schooler, I was initially unaware of the gravity of the situation. Nevertheless, it wasn’t until I saw her go through chemotherapy that the full seriousness of her condition became painfully clear. Her once vibrant countenance grew pale, and she lost all appetite, ushering in a difficult journey for our family. It was devastating and overwhelming for me to see my mom, the strong pillar of my family on whom my brother and I could always fall back, losing all her hair and becoming quite frail. Furthermore, due to my mother’s condition, my father had to accompany her to the hospital constantly; my brother and I had to be self-reliant and sensible and began to shoulder full responsibility for housework while maintaining our schooling, wanting to support our mother in any way we could, even if it was the slightest. In fact, I wasn’t always the obedient child like my brother growing up; I was the troublemaker whom my parents worried about all the time. I often argued with them over insignificant things, thinking they were grumpy adults who could never take my opinions into account. Yet, my mother’s diagnosis made me reevaluate my attitude and behaviors toward them, especially toward my mom, as it made me comprehend what grownups mean when they say, “Life is short; cherish everyone around you and don’t take their existence for granted.” Despite it being challenging and devastating for me and my family, I did not lose hope for my mother's situation and the treatments she was going through, believing she was a strong woman who would eventually overcome this drawback one day.

After a long year of treatment, up until now, my mother still has to return to the hospital every two to three months for follow-up examinations. Every time she comes back, I will again ask her how the examination went, and like most of the times where she responds that everything is fine, it seems like a stone has dropped from my heart. Indeed, my mother's time fighting over cancer has left an indelible mark on my family as well as on me myself. In the past, it was usually my mother who took care of me no matter what, but her health condition had a significant impact on my personal growth and prompted a significant transformation in my role. I have transitioned into a young “adult” who now has the ability to independently manage my responsibilities and affairs, taking on the role of not only looking after myself but also tending to our family’s needs and obligations.

In the end, while our family was finally able to return to our dedication to regular volunteering activities, I began to appreciate more the small things around me that I used to take for granted, which made me discover the joy of helping people and planted a seed of passion for nature, motivating me to partake in numerous voluntary activities and take on initiatives to make positive impacts in my community and beyond.



Draft 1:
Hi, I’m Joseph. I live in a conventional Taiwanese family, with my mother being an elementary teacher and my father being an engineer working in the science park. I have an older brother, and we are the closest buddies outside school. My family has this unique tradition of participating in voluntary work every month, like mountain cleanup, since my parents are volunteers for the Taiwanese Forest Bureau. My parents’ dedication to these regular volunteering activities made me discover the joy of helping people and planted a seed of passion for nature. They are also the primary reasons I partake in numerous voluntary work.

During my 8th grade period, I experienced a crucial turning point that changed me as a person. My mother was diagnosed with 3rd-stage cancer. As an 8th-grader, I did not realize the seriousness of the problem until I saw her going through chemotherapy. During that time, her countenance was pale, and she lost all her appetite and had to visit the hospital constantly. It was devastating and overwhelming for me to see my mom, the strong pillar of my house, which my brother and I could fall back on all the time, losing all her hair and becoming super frail. Because of my mother’s sickness, my dad had to accompany her constantly in the hospital; my brother and I had to be self-reliant and sensible. During that time, we carried all the responsibility of house chores while keeping up with our schoolwork, hoping we could do the slightest to help our mother. Growing up, I wasn’t an obedient child like my brother, I was the troubled kid whom my parent worried about all the time. I regularly argued with them about insignificant things, thinking they were grumpy adults who could never take my opinions into account. It wasn't until my mother’s diagnosis that made me reevaluated my behaviors toward them, especially my mom. I finally understand what adults mean when they say, “Life is short, cherish every one around you and don’t take their existence for granted.” This experience made a deep mark on my eight-year-old self and marched me forward into the adult world. Despite it being challenging and devastating for me, I did not lose hope for my mother. I always believed she was a strong woman who would one day overcome this drawback.

After a long year of treatment, up to now, my mother still has to return to the hospital every 2-3 months for follow-up examinations. Every time she comes back, I will ask her how the examination was, and when she says everything is fine, it is always like a stone has fallen off my heart. My mother's illness has had a profound impact on my family and me. In the past, my mother mostly took care of me, but now I have become a young “adult” who takes care of my businesses all alone.