if I could travel anywhere, I would go to... (650 characters)

629 characters
Switzerland. My hometown is a bustling technology center, where AI and IC design dominate people’s daily lives. Conversations often center on stocks, futures, and the latest technological breakthroughs. My father’s long work hours gradually fell into this loop, leaving little time for us to connect. I want to visit Switzerland with him, a country renowned for its breathtaking landscapes and natural beauty. I envision us immersing ourselves in the unspoiled atmosphere, free from the pressures and worries of our everyday lives. I hope to share a deep breath with my father in Switzerland, creating precious memories together.

The most interesting fact I ever learned from research was… (650 characters)

604 characters
To persuade a normal individual to commit murder under social pressure takes only about 72 minutes. "The Push" experiment undergoes a series of psychological manipulations and social pressures, ultimately challenging participants to push a person off a rooftop. It's fascinating because it reveals how swiftly social conformity can lead people to act against their moral values, exposing the malleability of the human mind as individuals adapt to societal norms.  However, in real life, when faced with pressures, it is essential to pause and reflect on our actions, asking ourselves, "What am I doing?" 

in addition to my major, my academic interests include… (650 characters)

637 characters
My passion for Robotics & Autonomous Systems started with my engagement in VEX Robotics in my sophomore year. I delved into robot construction and autonomous programming, particularly in concepts like PID control, motion profiles, and odometry. VEX Robotics taught me the vital role these techniques play in achieving precision and smooth robot movement. Looking ahead to college, I hope to pursue a minor in this field to deepen my knowledge and skills. My goal is to then return to my high school and share these skills with those Robotics members, serving as a mentor to guide them towards greater achievements in this exciting field.

My favorite thing about last Thursday was… (650 characters)

631 characters

	playing badminton for two hours at the local university campus. The most exciting part of playing in a public badminton pool is to compete with diverse players. Each Thursday, I come across different opponents on the court, each with their distinct playing habits. This is when I can explore multiple tactics. When a new tactic comes into my mind, the desire to put this strategy into practice immediately excites me as if I try to anticipate what’s inside the Christmas gift box. New discovery and consistent improvement are what truly motivates me to play badminton regularly. 


期待遇到對手
心理有想法 -> put in practice (Open a christmas gift to surprise me)

It becomes a weekly 的期待

我在期待什麼
What is the motivs -> discovering 
driving force
Open a christmas gift box




Something you might not know about me is...

534 characters
the deep-seated passion that has been burning with me since I was 7 years old. Since then, badminton has been my best companion. Engaged in intensive training, I set my sights on representing my school on the badminton court and seizing every opportunity to attend a vigorous competition. But my aspirations reach far beyond our school's courts. Driven by an insatiable desire to push my limits, I have a grand vision: becoming the state champion of badminton in my college years. Badminton is not just a sport; it embodies my dream. 


expand perspective
bring reflection into different scenario
reevaluate

reframe situation -> how to perceive 


Because we know that diversity benefits the educational experience of all students, the University of Maryland values diversity in all of its many forms.  This includes (but is not limited to) racial, socio-economic, gender, geographical, and sexual orientation.  We are interested in hearing about your own individual life experiences.  In a few sentences, will you please describe how you have learned, grown, been inspired or developed skills through one or more components of diversity. (650 characters)

Living in a country where Chinese, Japanese, and Taiwanese cultures intersect, and transitioning from a local school to an American school, with a wholly different learning environment and language, presented formidable challenges for me. Yet, amidst the challenges, I’ve learned to be a compromiser, finding the middle ground between two seemingly opposing styles, and positioning myself in my comfort zone. I’ve now immersed myself by setting iPhone language into English, reading my favorite badminton news in English, and mentally rehearsing my speaking while taking a shower. I have learned the process of adaptation from diverse cultures. 


Cultural differences?

Chinese and Taiwanese?

American school and Local School
	