Draft 2:
Please briefly elaborate on one of your extracurricular activities or work experiences. (300)
EMERGENCY NOTICE: Without a faculty advisor, HCAS Times will soon be shut down.
I had just become the editor-in-chief of the newspaper club, HCAS Times, when I got the email. But I was determined to revive the club.
Our previous advisor had unexpectedly left the school right before the start of the semester. That meant we had less than two weeks to find a new advisor. I took rapid action, phoning and sending emails to the club members and various school staff, asking for their help recommending and reaching out to a suitable teacher. Within a few days, we had a hit: I contacted a new English teacher who was more than happy to help.
After settling the advisor issue, another issue arose during the school year regarding our publishing medium. Previously, the school had always printed out hard copies for us to hand out to the student body and parents; however, this year, the school would no longer do so. To resolve the situation, I sat down with the school management team to request reopening the printing and drafted a proposal to our Parent-Teacher Association to support it, but unfortunately, both appeals were denied.
All the pressure was on me, but I knew that I could not let all our members' hard work go to waste. I immediately gathered my club members with computer science-related experience and, combined with my own expertise, developed a framework for our online platform. Within a month, we were publishing articles online. Over the next year, it was rewarding to see this close community of three members expand to more than twenty, cooperating with the school administration and student organizations to deliver the most relevant news to the HCAS community.

Why are you interested in Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute? (250)
RPI is a relatively small college with a student-faculty ratio of 13-1, which is especially appealing to me as it gives me the chance to form closer connections with professors, and also means it is easier for professors to put more effort into individual students. At RPI, I am especially interested in exploring high-speed transceivers and look forward to working with Professor Mona Hella on her research on high-speed circuits for wireless/optical transceivers. Moreover, as someone who has always aspired to find sustainable solutions to address the global climate issue, I hope to draw inspiration from Professor Hella’s research in energy harvesting interface ICs, gaining more insight into sustainable energy and how to implement such solutions in real life from an electrical engineer's perspective. Meanwhile, I am intrigued by the services RPI provides, for example, the Center for Career and Professional Development and the Center for Global Communication + Design. Both are crucial resources for me, as I am eager to gain early work experience in college and often seek advice on my writing assignments.
Beyond the academic setting, RPI provides an extensive array of extracurricular student organizations that would enable me to persist in following the interests that shape my identity and perspectives. Through joining “The Polytechnic” as a newspaper editor and getting involved in Badminton team as well as the RPI Engineers' Swimming and Diving team, I am excited to continue my passions from high school while exploring new interests.







Draft 1:
Please briefly elaborate on one of your extracurricular activities or work experiences. (300)
Emergency notice: HCAS Times will soon be closed due to a missing club mentor.
Staring at the school's email, I was determined to revive the club. I just became the editor-in-chief of the newspaper club, HCAS Times, when this unfortunate news hit.
This was destined to be a challenging matter. The unexpected departure of the club mentor right before the start of the semester posed a significant threat, as we needed to find a mentor in less than two weeks. I rapidly took action by phoning and sending emails to the club members and school staff, asking for their help recommending and reaching out to a suitable teacher. Within a few days, I could contact a new English teacher who was more than happy to help.
After settling the mentor issue, another arose during the school year regarding the venue for publishing our articles. Previously, the school had always printed out hard copies for us to hand out to the student body and parents; however, this year, the school will no longer do so. To resolve the situation, I sat down with the school management team to request reopening the printing and drafted a proposal to our Parent-Teacher Association to support it, but unfortunately, both appeals were denied.
All the pressure was on me, and I know that I cannot let all our members' hard work just go to waste. I immediately gathered my club members with computer science-related experience and, combined with my own expertise, developed a framework for our online platform. Within the month, we were publishing articles online. Meanwhile, it was rewarding to see this close community of three members expand to twenty over time and together continue to promote all sorts of school events while cooperating with the school and other student organizations.

Why are you interested in Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute? (250)
https://www.collegeessayguy.com/blog/rensselaer-polytechnic-institute-supplemental-essay 
RPI is a relatively small college with a student-faculty ratio of 13-1, which is especially appealing to me as it gives me the chance to have a closer connection with the professors and allows the professor to put more effort into individual students. At RPI, I am especially interested in exploring High-speed transceivers and look forward to working with Professor Mona Hella on her research on High-speed circuits for wireless/optical transceivers. Moreover, as someone who has always aspired to find sustainable solutions to address the global climate issue, I hope to draw inspiration from Professor Hella’s research in energy harvesting interface ICs, gaining more insight into sustainable energy and how to implement such solutions in real life from an electrical engineer's perspective. Meanwhile, I am intrigued by the services RPI provides, for example, the Center for Career and Professional Development and the Center for Global Communication + Design. Both are crucial resources for me, as I am eager to gain early work experience in college and often seek advice on my writing assignments.
Beyond the academic setting, RPI provides an extensive array of extracurricular student organizations that would enable me to persist in following the interests that shape my identity and perspectives. Through joining “The Polytechnic” as a newspaper editor and involving myself in the Badminton team and the RPI Engineers' Swimming and Diving team, I am excited to continue my passion from high school to express myself while striding forward for the better.
