Boston University is dedicated to our founding principles: “that higher education should be accessible to all and that research, scholarship, artistic creation, and professional practice should be conducted in the service of the wider community—local and international. These principles endure in the University’s insistence on the value of diversity in its tradition and standards of excellence and its dynamic engagement with the City of Boston and the world.”  With this mission in mind, please respond to one of the following two questions in 300 words or less:
350 words
1. Reflect on a social or community issue that deeply resonates with you. Why is it important to you, and how have you been involved in addressing or raising awareness about it?
“Joseph is smart”
“Nick is rich”
“York got more A than I did”

I am living in a city, where we compare everything, whether material possessions or academic performance. From a young age, I was taught to measure success against these external markers, creating a perpetual cycle of comparison that leads to feelings of inadequacy and unworthiness. 

The issue is particularly significant to me because I’ve compared everything I learned to my sisters, relatives, and close friends. It’s almost as if this habit of comparison is a reflex, shaping our self-worth based on how we stack up against others. 

One particular example was when I struggled with not being at the top of the class. Seeing “York got more A’s than I did” became more than just a statement, I became jealous and started my mental comparison with him in every single quiz and assignment. This obsession led me to seek shortcuts to achieve higher grades, often relying on searching for answers online or even copying others’ work into my project, all driven by the single desire to “get more A than he did”. 

I won this duel.

Yet, “So what?” 

Looking back, I was lost. Apart from chasing York, I haven’t grown substantially. Constantly fulfilling requirements and others’ expectations, I felt like I was a shadow, always trailing behind others - lack of creation, direction, and motivation. I was lost. 

Comparison is detrimental to a healthy self-worth. This taught me a valuable lesson: The importance of focusing on personal growth and development rather than perpetually measuring myself against others because we are all different. I learned to always set a goal for myself, whether it is as modest as completing homework every day or as ambitious as being a millionaire. As I witness that I’ve done something better than the previous me, the compulsion to compare with others fades away. I have learned to look beyond external achievement and focus on inner growth. 

It seems to me that comparison exists as a human nature and it would not be easy to eliminate.  However, I believe a growth model is a mentality worth promoting. I have planted a seed in myself for a future thriving and spreading. 




2. What about being a student at BU most excites you? How do you hope to contribute to our campus community?*



















































