Draft 2:
Describe an example of your leadership experience in which you have positively influenced others, helped resolve disputes or contributed to group efforts over time.  
Emergency notice: HCAS Times will soon be closed due to a missing club mentor.
Staring at the school's email, I was determined to revive the club. I just became the editor-in-chief of the newspaper club, HCAS Times, when this unfortunate news hit.
This was destined to be a challenging matter. The unexpected departure of the club mentor right before the start of the semester posed a significant threat, as we needed to find a mentor in less than two weeks. I rapidly took action by phoning and sending emails to the club members and school staff, asking for their help recommending and reaching out to a suitable teacher. Within a few days, I was able to contact a new English teacher who was more than happy to help.
After settling the mentor issue, another arose during the school year regarding the venue for publishing our articles. Previously, the school had always printed out hard copies for us to hand out to the student body and parents; however, this year, the school will no longer do so. To resolve the situation, I sat down with the school management team to request reopening the printing and drafted a proposal to our Parent-Teacher Association to support it, but unfortunately, both appeals were denied.
All the pressure was on me, and I know that I cannot let all our members' hard work just go to waste. That was when I took a step back and looked at the situation to seek alternative solutions. I eventually came up with a brilliant idea to publish our articles online, where I can create a platform through my expertise in computer science. I immediately coordinated with our club members with related experience, and in a week, we came up with the framework of our online platform. With some finishing touches from our art director, our articles were online for the first time. Meanwhile, it was rewarding to see a close community of three members expand to twenty over time and together continue to promote all sorts of school events while cooperating with the school and other student organizations.

What would you say is your greatest talent or skill? How have you developed and demonstrated that talent over time?
"I am disappointed." Right after the race, what was waiting for me was a shaking head and this line that was then imprinted on my mind.
I joined the swimming team in seventh grade to keep a childhood hobby alive. Fortunately, my coach especially looked out for me and was willing to work overtime to instruct me on swimming techniques. In just a year, I rapidly improved, and my coach felt I was ready for a regional competition. I was excited for my first competition; most of all, it was time to pay back my coach by doing well.
On the day of the competition, the pressure was palpable—I ruined my first-ever competition completely. Seeing my coach with his arms crossed over his chest sent shivers down my spine. That was also when he told me the words I would never forget.
However, my determination and commitment remained strong. The next day, I was the first to arrive at the pool. Training started at six in the morning. 2,000 meters to go, then a quick shower, and it was off to school. Back in the pool at five, the afternoon training schedule features an additional 3,000 meters. This became my routine for the year, no matter how sore my muscles were, how cold the weather was, or how infected my pink eye was.
Finally, the annual swimming competition came again. With the blow of a whistle, I leaped into the water. My mind was focused. With the blink of an eye, I touched the finishing wall. I looked toward the timer—I had just beaten my personal best record by almost five seconds. I leaped out of the water with tears in my eyes and gave my coach a big hug.
Swimming has taught me that the difference between success and failure is defined by the ability to turn obstacles into motivation and persist in what I do. With one-part optimism and one-part perseverance, my ability to reshape my adversities has become core to my identity and gives me the courage to face challenges and unknowns in the future.

What have you done to make your school or your community a better place?
As the child of an elementary school teacher, I have always wanted to have a chance to teach others to feel the responsibility students will never have.
My dream finally came true in eighth grade when I had the opportunity to teach English to elementary children from local Taiwanese schools in a book reading club. In the beginning, the students barely understood the stories and the language, but slowly, the confused look on their faces faded as we read more books and their vocabulary expanded. This experience made me realize the fun of teaching does not come from the privilege of having my students listen to or follow my words; instead, it comes from the fulfilling smile on their faces when they are able to follow along with the stories.
Back in school, I volunteered as a student assistant in the fourth-grade class and continued to help others with their English. Yet, it was not that easy this time. A Japanese girl in the class was having a hard time keeping up with the lessons and refused to communicate with me at first when I tried to help out. I then devised a plan for striking up a conversation with her by bringing up her favorite animal. With my successful attempt, I began to teach her English after school and tried my best to translate course materials into Japanese with the help of technology. Admittedly, my Japanese translations were often far from perfect; however, I saw the improvement in her English, where she became able to understand in class and hold conversations with others.
Outside of school, I joined a peer tutoring program for lower-income students and was paired with a local high school student who had a clear goal to pass the intermediate-level Taiwanese General English Proficiency Test. We broke down each section of the test to identify concepts that she was unfamiliar with, and she eventually passed the test. Meanwhile, I came to realize the importance of understanding the condition that people are in through communication to better help them adapt to various situations and achieve their goals.

Think about an academic subject that inspires you. Describe how you have furthered this interest inside and/or outside of the classroom.
"What is the equation for a circle?"
My teacher posted a question before the class was dismissed. Being an eighth grader then, this became the one thing that troubled me for the day, as my textbook itself simply could not provide the answer to this question: I went on a math spree where all I thought about was equations and circles. Eventually, my light-bulb moment appeared when the Pythagorean theorem popped into my mind, and a sense of accomplishment came to me when I successfully derived the equation of a circle. In fact, this rather simple question in my algebra class set off an enlightening journey into the world of math.
I have always had a natural curiosity when it comes to numbers. To me, it is like solving a jigsaw puzzle where I pick up my knowledge piece by piece and place them together to see the whole picture of problems and come up with solutions. Moreover, while the derivation of a circle equation demonstrated to me the unimaginable possibilities of utilizing math, I began to develop a profound interest in the subject and became motivated to take all the challenging courses that involved math offered at my school.
To my surprise, I fell further into math when I expanded my puzzle-solving into computer science and physics. During these courses, it was fascinating to see the interconnectedness between subjects, where different equations come together and explain to me the numerous natural phenomena. I vividly recall when calculating the unknown values of current and voltages in the circuit, where I picked up my knowledge of matrices from linear algebra and placed it together with Kirchhoff's laws, and the answer to the question became more than obvious, whereas in programming, mathematical logic is the key to solving complex problems and making efficient programs. 
Through various math-related courses, while enhancing my knowledge of solving numerical equations, applying different mathematical methods taught me the numerous possibilities of solving a single question, allowing me to better understand the world around me and giving me the ability to attempt to solve problems and provide solutions.
 

Draft 1:
Describe an example of your leadership experience in which you have positively influenced others, helped resolve disputes or contributed to group efforts over time.  
Things to consider: A leadership role can mean more than just a title. It can mean being a mentor to others, acting as the person in charge of a specific task, or taking the lead role in organizing an event or project. Think about what you accomplished and what you learned from the experience. What were your responsibilities?
Did you lead a team? How did your experience change your perspective on leading others? Did you help to resolve an important dispute at your school, church, in your community or an organization? And your leadership role doesn't necessarily have to be limited to school activities. For example, do you help out or take care of your family?
Emergency notice: HCAS Times will soon be closed due to a missing club mentor. Staring at the email the school sent us, I’m determined to save the club. I became the chief editor of the newspaper club, HCAS Times, in 11th grade when this unfortunate news hit in the summer.
Trying to revive this club was no easy job. The unexpected departure of the club mentor from the school near the end of the summer break posed a significant challenge as we needed to find a new mentor in two weeks, right before school started. I rapidly took action by phoning and sending emails to the club members and school administrations, asking them to use all their resources to find a suitable teacher. Within a few days, I was able to contact a new English teacher who was more than happy to help us. 
With the mentoring issue resolved, another arose during the school year: challenges from the school with the publishing of articles. Before, the school had always printed out hard-copy articles for us to hand to the student body and parents; however, this year, the school will no longer do so. This problem completely cuts off our only pathway to publish. I requested the administration to reopen printing and drafted a proposal to the PTA to support it, but both appeals were denied. All the pressure was on me, and I can’t let all the hard work of my writers just go to waste. That is when I took a step back and looked at the situation. I came up with a brilliant solution to publish our articles online, and I can create the platform through my knowledge of computer science. I immediately went to work, and in a week, the online platform was completed. With some finishing touches from our art director, we published articles online for the first time. 
Throughout the years, we partnered with the student council, other student organizations, and the school administration to promote all sorts of school events. It was a rewarding experience to revitalize a club of three writers to one with twenty members.
The process of revitalizing the newspaper club. Every strategic move can bring you one step closer to victory. My opportunity to host the chess competition has taught me to be proactive in my decisions and find alternatives even if you are rejected.
As the chief editor of the newspaper club, HCAS Times, I invoked a love for writing in my school. I joined the club as an editor in 10th grade to 








Leading a committee of thirty students is no easy job. One significant example of my leadership experience occurred as a Model United Nations (MUN) chair, where I had the privilege to guide and assist a team of amateur delegates through the complex procedures of MUN and fostered their love for MUN. My journey as a MUN chair has not only given me a broader view of the issues in the modern world but also honed my leadership skills. In my most memorable and rewarding conference, I was assigned to the ECOSOC committee, where all the delegates were new to MUN. I still remember during the chair training, the Secretary-General came especially to me and exhorted me on how challenging and significant my committee was that I needed to make this conference the most fruitful and enjoyable for the newcomers. 
A month before the conference, I assigned tasks to the thirty delegates, informing them on how to prepare for the conference. Immediately, I received an email seeking help to be prepared. The delegate was extremely anxious as  During the first day of the conference, everything started out smoothly, with me introducing the committee and the general procedures of the conference. Which then 





Describe the most significant challenge you have faced and the steps you have taken to overcome this challenge. How has this challenge affected your academic achievement?
Things to consider: A challenge could be personal, or something you have faced in your community or school. Why was the challenge significant to you? This is a good opportunity to talk about any obstacles you've faced and what you've learned from the experience. Did you have support from someone else or did you handle it alone?
If you're currently working your way through a challenge, what are you doing now, and does that affect different aspects of your life? For example, ask yourself, How has my life changed at home, at my school, with my friends or with my family?
“I am disappointed.” One of the people I cared most about shook his head as I approached him after the race. His words imprinted into my mind. 
I joined the swimming team in 7th grade to keep a childhood hobby alive. Coach especially looked out for me, working overtime to instruct me on swimming techniques. In just a year, I rapidly improved, and Coach Chang felt I was ready for a regional competition. I was excited for my first competition; most of all, it was time to pay back my coach by doing well.
On the day of the competition, the pressure was palpable. The pressure made me ruin my first-ever competition completely. Getting out of the pool and seeing Coach standing there with his arms crossed over his chest sent shivers down my spine. That is when Coach told me the words I would never forget. 
However, my determination to pay back the coach remained strong. The next day, I was the first to arrive at the pool. Training starts at 6:00 AM. 2,000 meters to go, then a quick shower, and it’s off to school. 5:00 PM, back in the pool; the afternoon training schedule features an additional 3,000 meters. Tomorrow, the whole process repeats. This has been my life for the past year: rigorous training day and night, no matter how sore my muscles were, how cold the weather was, or how infected my pink eye was, my determination to train remained resolute. 
Finally, the annual swimming competition came again. With the blow of a whistle, I leaped into the water. My mind was focused. With the blink of an eye, I touched the finishing wall. When I looked at the timer and saw I had finally beaten my personal best record by almost five seconds, I leaped out of the water with tears in my eyes and gave Coach a big hug.
Swimming has taught me the true meaning of dedication. The difference between success and failure is defined by the ability to overcome obstacles and persist in what you do. So, nothing is impossible because even a kid who placed last can eventually become a top achiever. 



Think about an academic subject that inspires you. Describe how you have furthered this interest inside and/or outside of the classroom. 
Things to consider: Many students have a passion for one specific academic subject area, something that they just can't get enough of. If that applies to you, what have you done to further that interest? Discuss how your interest in the subject developed and describe any experience you have had inside and outside the classroom such as volunteer work, internships, employment, summer programs, participation in student organizations and/or clubs and what you have gained from your involvement.
Has your interest in the subject influenced you in choosing a major and/or future career? Have you been able to pursue coursework at a higher level in this subject (honors, AP, IB, college or university work)? Are you inspired to pursue this subject further at UC, and how might you do that?
“What is an equation of a circle?” my teacher asked at the end of the class. Being an eighth grader then, this question troubled me, I went on a math spree where all I thought about was math. After a day of thinking like Isaac Newton, a light bulb appeared in my head when the Pythagorean theorem popped into my brain. The sense of accomplishment I successfully derived the equation of a circle, and my teacher was extremely impressed the next day. However, this rather simple question in my Algebra I class set off an enlightening journey into the world of math. 
Growing up, I was always good with numbers, where new math concepts ticked almost instantly. However, mathematics has never come across me as an interesting course until eighth grade. The deriving of a circle equation showed me the unimaginable possibilities of utilizing math. To further my interest, I took all the challenging math-related courses offered at my school, in fact, I took the only college-level course offered in my school, linear algebra. This college-level course, likewise, blew me away. Learning how matrices and vectors can be used to solve a system of linear equations and depict them as 3D objects captivated me with the numerous possibilities and methods of solving a single equation. 
Just as people said, once said, “Mathematics is the mother of science.” I’ve fallen further into math when I employed it in Computer Science and Physics. During these courses, it was fascinating to see the interconnectedness of math with other subjects, where different equations can be used to derive other equations that can explain numerous natural phenomena. In Physics, we use mathematics to solve for forces, momentum, resistance, current, etc., and in programming, mathematical logic is the key to solving complex problems and making efficient programs. I vividly recall when solving the amperes of currents, the experiment result was approximately the same, disregarding outside factors like the wire’s resistance. It was just mind-blowing how mathematics, like English, is used universally and can be utilized to explain all phenomena in the world. Mathematics inspired me to pursue a degree in physics as not only allows me to do math but also utilize it to explain the world around me.
 	

My love for mathematics facilitated my in
One of the only college-level courses offered in my school -  Linear algebra















What have you done to make your school or your community a better place? 
Things to consider: Think of community as a term that can encompass a group, team or a place like your high school, hometown or home. You can define community as you see fit, just make sure you talk about your role in that community. Was there a problem that you wanted to fix in your community?
Why were you inspired to act? What did you learn from your effort? How did your actions benefit others, the wider community or both? Did you work alone or with others to initiate change in your community?
As a child to an elementary school teacher, I have always dreamt of having a chance to teach others to feel the authority students will never have.
In eighth grade, I had my first chance to teach in my local book reading club, where I read English stories to teach elementary children from local Taiwanese schools. In the beginning, the students barely understood the stories as most of them hadn’t learned English, but slowly, with more books we read, their vocabulary expanded, and the confused look on their faces faded. This first successful teaching experience made me realize the fun of teaching does not come from the sense of power, instead, it sprouts from the fulfilling smile of the students when they finally understand a concept.
At school, I volunteered as a student assistant for the fourth-grade class, primarily focusing on students falling behind. I vividly remember a student named Mika. She is viewed as a troubled kid who always falls asleep during class, and even the teacher has given up on her. At first, it was hard to start a conversation with her, but slowly, by initiating conversations about her favorite animal, she explained she sleeps because she can’t understand the teacher. With this in mind, I translated course materials into Japanese (her first language) and taught her English after school. Mika rapidly improved, and at the end of the year, her grades for all subjects improved by ten percent. 
In the summer of eleventh grade, I joined a program initiated by the Xin Chuan Association focusing on educating English for lower-income students around Taiwan. Unlike before, I was paired with a sophomore named Luna from a local high school. Although Luna’s family conditions can’t allow her to study in English cram schools, she has clear ideas of what she wants to gain from the class, and she also expresses her goal to pass the intermediate-level Taiwanese General English Proficiency Test (GEPT). To help Luna achieve her dreams, I constructed a custom course on the critical sections of the GEPT after days of studying for the test. Luna was my proudest student who, although did not have the resources but, with her hard work, was able to pass the GEPT. 
Teaching these local school students made me realize the joy in teaching, and I believe every one of them will have great achievements when they grow up.

Describe how you have taken advantage of a significant educational opportunity or worked to overcome an educational barrier you have faced.
Things to consider: An educational opportunity can be anything that has added value to your educational experience and better prepared you for college. For example, participation in an honors or academic enrichment program, or enrollment in an academy that's geared toward an occupation or a major, or taking advanced courses that interest you; just to name a few.
If you choose to write about educational barriers you've faced, how did you overcome or strive to overcome them? What personal characteristics or skills did you call on to overcome this challenge? How did overcoming this barrier help shape who you are today?
