Draft 2:
If I could travel anywhere, I would go to...*
Silicon Valley. Growing up in Hsinchu, the tech center of Taiwan, most of my family members are in the semiconductor industry. Their conversations are filled with technical terms like IC products, wafers, UV lithography, and, of course, Silicon Valley. Without Silicon Valley, Hsinchu would not have a semiconductor industry—but so does Taiwan’s chip industry supports the Valley. For a budding electrical engineer, SV is a mythical place filled with the world’s leading tech giants. I hope to immerse myself in this beating heart of the global tech industry.
 The most interesting fact I ever learned from research was...*
Coulomb's Law. Coulomb’s Law appeared numerous times in both my physics and chemistry classes, playing a crucial role in illustrating the behaviors between charges. It’s fascinating to see how the equation can explain phenomena from electric fields to electrostatic force and atomic radius. Learning this law opened me to the world of using equations to explain natural phenomena and motivated me to set out on a learning adventure, including AP Physics and AP Chemistry this year.
In addition to my major, my academic interests include...*
World history because I’ve always been fascinated by the massive amounts of information we’ve uncovered about the past and how it has shaped the world today. Also, I’ve always wondered what would happen if a historical event turned out differently than it did. One of the most exciting parts of History is coming up with your own arguments about how a specific event affected/caused another event and supporting it with historical evidence. Being able to make connections between past events is like solving a crime, slowly discovering why and how they occurred. I truly enjoy the linking process and the heated debates on these historical events.
 My favorite thing about last Thursday was...*
Being able to gather with all my family members for our annual barbeque. Last Thursday was the Moon Festival in Taiwan, one of the biggest holidays. There is nothing like being together with my 24 family members on this day, chatting while having a grand BBQ that we only have once a year. This year’s Moon Festival was especially special for me as it is my last year to celebrate with all my family members since I’ll be studying abroad next year. I am especially thankful to have had such a supportive and connected family to accompany me through K-12, and I will definitely miss our annual BBQ next year.
 
Something you might not know about me is...*
I almost successfully hatched chickens with a handmade incubator I constructed with a cardboard box. My dad had brought home a carton of eggs that he was expecting to cook for dinner, but I, being the adventurous kid I was, decided I would hatch these eggs. I first found a big cardboard box and surrounded the sides with towels to act as insulators. Then, I went to the hardware store to buy a 20W incandescent bulb to act as the heat source. After a few modifications to the box, I assembled all the parts and waited for the eggs to hatch. Every day, I checked the humidity and temperature levels, but on the 21st day, a power outage ended it all.
 Because we know that diversity benefits the educational experience of all students, the University of Maryland values diversity in all of its many forms.  This includes (but is not limited to) racial, socio-economic, gender, geographical, and sexual orientation. We are interested in hearing about your own individual life experiences.  In a few sentences, will you please describe how you have learned, grown, been inspired or developed skills through one or more components of diversity.*
I grew up in a conservative family that was also cross-strait: my father’s side is from mainland China, and my mother’s side is from Taiwan.  This meant I attended both public Taiwanese schools and private American schools. So, my life has felt like a constant juggling between 3 different cultures, systems of thinking, and learning philosophies. However, it also made me fluent in both Chinese and English, which allowed me to volunteer and teach lower-income students English every summer. I found great joy in helping those in need and, at the same time, developed a new hobby.  
With all of my relatives being devoted Buddhists except my mother being Christian, it was hard for me to comprehend the different practices of these religions at first. For example, during important Buddhist festivals, everyone except my mother holds an incense stick to worship. Through observing my mother and my Christian friends, I discovered they are extremely loyal to their religion, always reading the Bible, praying before eating, etc. For me, these actions are often viewed as excessive. However, by having more conversations with mom and my Christian friends, I learned to respect their beliefs and started attending church with them. 

With all of my relatives being devoted Buddhists except my mother being Christian, it was hard for me to comprehend the different practices of these religions at first. For example, when worshiping, we hold incense sticks and burn incense paper while my Christian friends sing hymns and say grace. There are hundreds of Gods in Buddhism, but only one in Christianity. Despite these differences, I get along with people of different religions well; I respect their religious practices as I understand these are just different ways people use to express their gratitude to god. This experience of diversity enabled me to accept the differences of people. 

With all of my relatives being devoted Buddhists except my mother being Christian, it was hard for me to comprehend the different practices of these religions at first. For example, when worshiping, we hold incense sticks and burn incense paper while my Christian friends sing hymns and say grace. There are hundreds of Gods in Buddhism, but only one in Christianity. Despite these differences, I understand these are just different ways people use to express their gratitude. Singing in fellowship can bring people together; so too can burning paper money. Religion can be a way to build community, and that is something every human can understand. 

Have to respect
Respect their loyalty/ Respect all religion

Draft 1:
If I could travel anywhere, I would go to...*

Silicon Valley is a place I would like to travel to. Growing up in Hsinchu, the tech center of Taiwan, most of my family members are in the semiconductor industry. Their conversations are often filled with technical terms for IC products, wafers, etc. Moreover, Silicon Valley, filled with the world’s leading tech giants, is often mentioned in their exchanges, which sparked my interest in this mythical place. These conversations, alongside my passion for electrical engineering, developed during school courses and internship experience, fueled my interest in traveling to San Jose and immersing myself in the heart of the global tech industry.

The most interesting fact I ever learned from research was...*

The Coulomb's law. When I was doing research in both physics and chemistry classes, coulomb’s law appeared numerous times, playing a crucial role in illustrating the behaviors between charges. Learning from the equation, it is intriguing that we can use it to explain electric fields, electrostatic force, atomic radius, etc. Learning this law opened me to the world of using equations to explain natural phenomena and motivated me to set out on a learning adventure, which ended with me taking the AP Physics and AP Chemistry courses. 

In addition to my major, my academic interests include...*

World history because I’ve always been fascinated by the massive amounts of information we uncovered about the past and how it shaped the world today, and I’ve always wondered what would happen if a historical event turned out differently than it did. One of the most interesting parts of History is coming up with your own arguments about how a specific event affected/caused another event and supporting it with historical evidence. Being able to make connections between past events is like solving a crime, and slowly discovering why and how they occurred. I truly enjoy the linking process and the heated debates on these historical events.

My favorite thing about last Thursday was...*

Being able to meet all my family members and have an annual barbeque with them. Last Thursday was a big holiday in Taiwan, where we celebrated the Moon Festival. There is nothing like being together with my 24 family members on a national holiday, chattering while having a grand BBQ that we only have once a year. This year’s Mood Festival is especially special for me as it is my last year to celebrate this holiday with all my family members since I’ll be studying abroad next year. I am especially thankful to have such a big and connected family to accompany me through K-12, and I will definitely miss last Thursday’s final BBQ with them all.

Something you might not know about me is...*

I almost successfully hatched a nest of chickens with a handmade incubator I constructed with a cardboard box. There was a time when my dad brought home a box of chicken eggs that we would have for dinner, but being the adventurous kid I am, I decided to hatch these eggs. I first found a big cardboard box and surrounded the sides with towels to act as insulators, and I went to the mechanics store to buy a 20W incandescent bulb to be the heat source. After a few modifications to the box, I assembled all the parts and waited for the eggs to hatch. Every day I checked the humidity and temperature levels, but on the 21st day, a power outage ended it all.

Because we know that diversity benefits the educational experience of all students, the University of Maryland values diversity in all of its many forms.  This includes (but is not limited to) racial, socio-economic, gender, geographical, and sexual orientation. We are interested in hearing about your own individual life experiences.  In a few sentences, will you please describe how you have learned, grown, been inspired or developed skills through one or more components of diversity.*

Growing up in a conservative family, with my father’s side from mainland China and my mother’s side from Taiwan, the difference in culture has brought diversity into my life in an early stage. Moreover, having education in both public Taiwanese schools and private American schools has allowed me to experience diverse educational systems that have two different mottoes in teaching, furthered my encounter with all sorts of cultures, including the American and traditional Taiwanese culture. Due to the diverse education and culture  I experienced, I am fluent in both Chinese and English, which allowed me to volunteer and teach lower-income students English every summer. This experience helped me find joy in helping those in need and develop a new hobby.  






https://blog.collegevine.com/how-to-write-the-university-of-maryland-essays 


Music Appreciation because I’ve always been interested in studying the lyrics of songs and simply submerging into the world of the songwriters. During times of hardship, I 