Draft 2:
“Ah! So this is the root of the problem!” I exclaimed to Mom with a disassembled motherboard, hard drive, and graphic card lying around me.

Just like that, my first encounter with engineering came when I was in eighth grade with my attempt to fix my mom’s laptop. Throughout that week, my screen was constantly filled with YouTube videos that introduced complex hardware functions inside computers. Day and night, I constantly disassembled and reassembled the device, digging into the root cause. In fact, it didn’t take me long to figure out that the device malfunction was due to a dead hard disk drive (HDD). However, I was not satisfied with simply replacing the old HDD, especially after learning the features of a solid-state drive (SSD)—a more robust and effective type of storage component—from one of the online tutorials. To carry out my intended upgrade, I investigated if an SSD could be used with an HDD adapter and eventually bought an SSD-to-HDD converter, leading to a “life-saving” moment for my mom’s laptop while igniting my passion for hands-on problem-solving as an engineer.

Yet, growing up in the high-tech center of Taiwan, I happened never to get enough of innovative technology and development. With most of my relatives being engineers in the semiconductor industry, my interest in the field of advanced nanotechnology that we use in indispensable digital devices was further fostered when work was once again brought to the dinner table or another family session. Meanwhile, my curiosity about the applications of electrical equipment motivated me to take Advanced Placement courses in physics and computing to better understand the field of electrical engineering. Moreover, to get a better view of the real-world applications of integrated circuits, I took up the opportunity to intern at a spectral chip company. During my time there, I dealt with sophisticated electronics, such as the Pleroma Mini Spectrometer and HG-1 Mercury Argon Calibration Source, to identify poor-performing spectral chips by looking at whether their signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) level reaches the required number through running tests. Overall, this experience not only exposed me to the intricacies of handling chips, integrating them into electronic devices, and running simulations but also enlightened me on the vital role of computational tools in modern chip testing and design, furthering my understanding of the application of high-end chips and my passion for related fields.

At UW-Madison, with my aspiration to make advancements in sustainable chip design solutions for higher data transmission efficiency, I hope to drive into the studies of electrical engineering through major core courses, as well as prepare myself for a future career in the semiconductor industry with a solid foundation through advanced electives, including “ECE 445 Semiconductor Physics and Devices” and “ECE 549 Integrated Circuit Fabrication Laboratory.” In addition, to further facilitate my goal while putting the knowledge I will learn into practice, I wish to work under Professor Azadeh Davoodi to research the topic of explainable machine learning for better VLSI chip design. I am also interested in Assistant Professor Chirag Gupta’s research on optoelectronic devices due to my previous internship experience at the spectral chip company. I hope to gather more insight into how these optoelectronic devices could serve as the backbone of clean and green solutions and, from there, develop a theme for my “ECE 491 Senior Design Project” after further exploration of various topics related to sustainable design while adapting to the needs of solutions for innovative applications such as AI.

Beyond the academic setting, UW-Madison provides an extensive array of extracurricular student organizations that would enable me to persist in following the interests that shape my identity and perspectives. Through joining The Badger Herald as a newspaper editor for sports or science and involving myself in the Badgers Men's Swimming & Diving team, I am excited to continue my passion from high school to express myself while striding forward for the better.




Draft 1
Tell us why you decided to apply to the University of Wisconsin-Madison. In addition, please include why you are interested in studying the major(s) you have selected. If you selected undecided please describe your areas of possible academic interest. (you may enter up to 650 words).

Growing up in the tech center of Taiwan, with most of my relatives being engineers in the semiconductor industry, fostered my curiosity in the field of advanced nanotechnology that we use in indispensable digital devices. I first encountered computer hardware in eighth grade when my mother's laptop died, and I was offered the chance to fix it. From that night on, my computer screen was constantly filled with YouTube videos that introduced the functions of complex hardware in a computer. After some inspection, I discovered that the dead hard disk drive (HDD) was causing the whole device to malfunction; from the videos, I learned that there is a more efficient and durable storage component called a solid-state drive (SSD). I bought the converter for HDD to SSD and successfully revived my mother's laptop. This experience fueled my interest in the applications of electrical equipment, and I went on to take all Advanced Placement Computer Science (APCS) and Advanced Placement Physics C Electricity and Magnetism courses to solidify and better understand the field of electrical engineering. 

To get a better view of the application of integrated circuits (ICs) in the real world, my internship at a spectral chip company taught me about the precautions in handling chips, the employment of chips on motherboards, and the importance of running simulations on chips. During my internship, I’ve dealt with sophisticated electronics such as spectrometers named Pleroma Mini Spectrometer (developed my SpectroChip Co.) and a calibration source called ocean optics HG-1 to run testing on spectral chips to determine the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) using these instruments. Through these simulations, I gained insights into identifying poor-performing chips where their SNR level does not reach the required number, which was not only enlightening but also underscored the vital role of computational tools in modern chip testing and design. This internship experience not only exposed me to the intricacies of handling chips, integrating them into electronic devices, and running simulations but also allowed me to work with instruments and undergrad students in the field, furthering my understanding of the application of high-end chips and my passion for working with chips.

After college, I aspire to make achievements in the field of semiconductors and AI, where I can make advancements in chip designs that improve data transmission efficiency and find sustainable energy solutions in chip production; thus, benefiting other fields like the medical field by providing more accurate diagnoses and faster treatment. At UW-Madison, I applied for the electrical engineering major to accomplish this goal.

The reason for me to apply to UW-Madison is because of its research opportunities, advanced faculty, and diverse student organizations. First, I am intrigued by the variety of cutting-edge electrical engineering research facilities UW-Madison provides, for example, the Nanoscale Fabrication Center (NFC) and Nanoscale Imaging and Analysis Center (NIAC). Second I wish to work under Professor Azadeh Davoodi to research the topic of “Explainable machine learning for better VLSI chip design,” as I am eager to apprehend the knowledge of chip designs and facilitate my goal of developing more efficient chips. I am also interested in Assistant Professor Chirag Gupta’s research in Optoelectronic devices due to my experience as an intern in the spectral chip company, where I hope to gain more insight into how these optoelectronics devices can serve as the backbone of clean and green solutions to the market (as mentioned on their page). Third, UW-Madison has a variety of student clubs and organizations that allow me to pursue my interests outside of the classroom. As an athlete in the badminton and swimming team in high school, I am excited to see the variety of athletic facilities that UW-Madison provides, for example, the Nicholas Recreation Center, where there is an Olympic-size pool that I am eager to train in with the Badger’s Men's Swimming & Diving team.

I am excited to leverage this experience and align it with UW-Madison’s unique resources to further my studies and contribute to the university's renowned Electrical Engineering program. Thank you for your time and consideration.

https://wiscience.wisc.edu/courses/integsci-341/ 
https://directory.engr.wisc.edu/ece/Faculty/Gupta_Chirag/ 
https://wbgmaterdevices.wiscweb.wisc.edu/ 
https://directory.engr.wisc.edu/ece/Faculty/Davoodi_Azadeh/ 