Tell us why you decided to apply to the University of Wisconsin-Madison. In addition, please include why you are interested in studying the major(s) you have selected. If you selected undecided please describe your areas of possible academic interest. (you may enter up to 650 words). *
507 words
From my freshman year onward, the world of computers became an enticing ocean, compelling me to dive deeper and deeper. I began my exploration of computer networks by setting up a server on the video game "Minecraft." This was a moment that fully engaged me and made me lose track of time.

The moment I decided to major in computer science was when I wanted to create a server for my friends to play together. However, it turned out to be more complex than I initially thought. It involved tasks like configuring port settings and managing dynamic IP address translation. The University of Wisconsin-Madison offers a wealth of courses that align with my desire to delve deeper into understanding how the Internet interacts and connects securely, without compromising personal information. Some of these courses include COMP SCI 640 — Introduction to Computer Networks, COMP SCI 642 — Introduction to Information Security, COMP SCI/​E C E 707 — Mobile and Wireless Networking, COMP SCI 740 — Advanced Computer Networks, and COMP SCI 763 — Security and Privacy for Data Science. Among these, my favorite course is COMP SCI/​E C E 782 — Advanced Computer Security and Privacy. This course focuses on security and privacy issues in software, networks, and hardware systems, which are closely related to networking, security, and modern machine learning. As someone who has been intrigued by setting up servers and configuring network settings, I understand the importance of networking security and privacy. These courses will enable me to explore the theoretical aspects of these topics.

On the recreational side of things, I am drawn to the UW-Madison Symphony Orchestra. Music has been an integral part of my life since I was four years old. As a viola player, I serve as a compromiser, influencing the tonal colors of the pieces. The role of the viola holds a special place in my heart. This orchestra provides me with the opportunity to continue pursuing my long-standing passion alongside my major. One particular memory that vividly reinforces this truth is from an orchestra summer camp in the US in 2022: BUTI. It was there that I discovered a shared passion and an unspoken musical philosophy with many others. It felt as though we were engaging in a conversation without words, conveying our deepest emotions, thoughts, and aspirations through the universal language of music. I have found a similar environment at UW-Madison, where many contemporary improvisation players come together. I am eager to continue developing various styles and forms of musical performances with my peers. 

I believe that UW-Madison University has the qualities to enhance my journey in both engineering and music. Its incredible opportunities with Computer Science and its distinct music performance would give me access to stand at the front of the networking world accompanied by my favorite humanity activity. 





427 words
From my freshman year onwards, the computer became a deep ocean, engaging me to go deeper and deeper. I delved into computer networks by building up a server on the video game “Minecraft”. This is the moment that I find so engaged that it makes me lose track of time. At the University of Wisconsin-Madison, I found two unique qualities that related to my academic interests and extracurricular activities. 

The moment that I decided to major in computer science was when the moment that I wanted to create a server for my friends to play together. However, it was not as simple as I thought: It incorporates port setting, and changing dynamic IP address translation. The University of Wisconsin-Madison offers a wealth of courses that truly resonate with my desire to go deeply about how the internet interacts and connects under well-protected and without losing personal information. These courses include COMP SCI 640 — Introduction to Computer Networks, COMP SCI 642 — Introduction to Information Security, COMP SCI/​E C E  707 — Mobile and Wireless Networking, COMP SCI 740 — Advanced Computer Networks, and COMP SCI 763 — Security and Privacy for Data Science. In particular, my favorite course is COMP SCI/​E C E  782 — Advanced Computer Security and Privacy. It focuses on the security and privacy issues in software, networks, and hardware systems, which deeply connect to the realm of networking, security, and modern machine learning. As a person who was intrigued by setting servers, and networking settings, I understand how significant networking security and privacy are. These courses will allow me to explore the theory behind it by evaluating the robot's center of gravity and stability. 

Recreational-wise, I am attracted by the UW-Madison Symphony Orchestras. Music has become indispensable since I was four. Serving as a compromiser, deciding the tone of color of the pieces, the role of the viola holds a special place in my heart. These orchestras allow me to continue my prolonged passion while majoring in something else I love. I recalled a moment that forever etched this truth. It was during an orchestra summer camp in the US in 2022: BUTI. Many people shared a mutual passion and an unspoken musical philosophy. It was as if we were having a conversation without words, conveying our deepest feelings, thoughts, and aspirations through the universal language of music. I found this opportunity at UW-Madison, where many contemporary improvisation players are gathering. I am eager to continue developing different kinds of music performances and styles with peers. Music grants vitality to my mind of seemingly metallic robotics.



