Prompt: Describe the most significant challenge you have faced and the steps you have taken to overcome this challenge. How has this challenge affected your academic achievement? (350 words)

Content: “Are ya ready, kids?”

“Aye aye, captain!” I hummed along with the joyful voices coming from the screen. My mother stood next to me, mouth agape, and then ran off. Soon, my family burst into the living room with smiles and tears. At age four, I was speaking for the first time. 

Despite my family’s worries, I liked being quiet. As I read and studied, my soul would drift freely in the ocean of knowledge. Noises were unwelcome incursions to the glimmering scenes in my imagination. Naively, I assumed everyone else felt the same way, and I developed a personal philosophy that I shouldn’t speak unless I needed to.

Unfortunately, often when I needed to, I still couldn’t. At an MUN conference, I watched silently as my partner gestured desperately for me to defend his argument. I reached for the placard, opened my mouth… and closed it again. When the resolution passed, without our amendment, I had spoken a grand total of zero times. The hardest part was facing my partner after the debate. There was no anger on his face – only defeated acceptance. Silent is just who I am. Or was it? I always classified speaking as an inherent ability, but with this defeat, it was time to change my mind. 

I trained hard for my next speaking challenge: the International Economics Olympiad. With my drama teacher’s help, I learned stomach breathing. It was not easy: I would involuntarily switch back every ten minutes or so and almost threw up multiple times during practice. And so I would train day after day, breathing in rhythm to tutorial videos.

The competition was a success. I spoke without faltering and brought back the silver medal. In the end, I gained so much more than the certificate in my hand. I learned that solid fundamentals are the root of all learning and that being natural is the best way to have confidence. I changed my abilities without sacrificing who I am. With hard work, even a kid who loves silence can be a great speaker.