Prompt: Describe an example of your leadership experience in which you have positively influenced others, helped resolve disputes or contributed to group efforts over time.

“All you have to do are the numbers,” I comforted myself. But when we formed teams to evaluate Alphabet Inc. at a Wharton summer program, the problem was not the dynamics of the market but those of our own group. The captain assigned several days’ worth of additional tasks to teammates before coldly sitting down, putting on headphones, and typing furiously on her computer. I watched from across the table, my pity turning to regret as the teammate who had eagerly volunteered to do the dividend discount model almost collapsed when he was also assigned Alphabet’s capital composition. 
I tried my best to assist lagging teammates. I provided feedback on their slides, checking their work for errors in grammar or reasoning and “grading” them according to our professor’s rubric. However, I soon recognized that being productive myself would not solve the situation. Though too timid to approach the captain directly, the other teammates grumbled to me about how she had assigned much less work to herself than to us. The captain, after all of the teammates departed punctually, suggested that we report their lack of work ethic to the professor. 
I tried to keep the environment both comfortable and productive. When the mood was dark, I lightened things up by cracking cringy dad jokes and comparing our dismal high school “lunches.” At the same time, I quelled complaints about the leader’s workload by explaining that research was only a fraction of her responsibilities. I also talked with her about the amount of work, and we eventually figured out a more acceptable distribution. Tensions eased, and our teammates became more comfortable talking with the captain. The night before the presentation, I was surprised but gratified that the group was looking to me to broker acceptable compromises when our deck was too long and nobody wanted to cut their slides.
I’m still the numbers guy, but I learned that my role is not confined to numbers. Similar to the way portfolios are enhanced by diverse stocks, effective teams thrive when members leverage their strengths to compensate for each other's limitations.





