Prompt: What have you done to make your school or your community a better place?

Content: Stepping into the local hospital sophomore year summer, I embraced the role of student volunteer, eager to assist patients. The sterile scent of alcohol greeted me and the vast, maze-like hospital left me disoriented, so I struggled to find the desired locations in the labyrinthine hallways. After hours, I pored over the map to memorize the hospital layout as well as nearby clinics. After a few days, a cognitive map materialized in my mind. 

With newfound assurance, I took the initiative to approach lost patients without guidance. Volunteers are always paired with senior volunteers, but I was so familiar with the departments and at ease with patients that the senior volunteers trusted me to work alone. I was also given the task of inspecting the 1000+ wheelchairs, transporting broken ones to the basement repair center. Noticing that a mere ten wheelchairs were available at the main entrance at any given time, I challenged myself to bring wheelchairs from the parking lot to the front gate after volunteer hours concluded and before my bus showed up. I taught myself to push two wheelchairs at a time, ensuring that at least ten readily available wheelchairs greeted patients.

Returning the following summer, I felt a sense of homecoming. The senior volunteers could not believe it was only my “first” day back as I efficiently led patients to their desired locations. I particularly focused on taking care of senior patients with disabilities, personally managing their care when they came without their children. Leading them, I felt as though I was positively contributing to the hospital even in a sea of seasoned healthcare professionals. 

I now aspire to serve the community by becoming a doctor and embedding myself within the fabric of the hospital. The intimate understanding of patients’ struggles, the satisfaction of offering support, and the profound impact healthcare professionals have all deeply resonate with me. I also hope to understand and crack my own Tourette’s condition for myself and others. Going into medicine, I dedicate myself to healing, guiding, and making a tangible difference in the lives of those in need.