Prompt: Think about an academic subject that inspires you. Describe how you have furthered this interest inside and/or outside of the classroom.

Content: Surrounded by a sea of obsidian static, the alabaster outline of a fetus materialized, his soft silhouette and organic curves painted by perfectly squared pixels on display. At a young age, this was my introduction to medical imaging. Eyes glued to screen, I was mesmerized by how a culmination of plastics and circuit boards revealed the genesis of new life, all through a probe gliding smoothly along an expectant woman’s stomach. With my father often absent and my mother always busy, most of my after-school hours were spent at the gynecology clinic she worked at. The four walls of her office quickly became the cradle for my interest in medical imaging as I quietly observed her work, absorbing the process of monitoring the earliest stages of our lives.

My fascination with medical imaging continued as a guiding light throughout high school, serving as the fuel behind countless cold emails until I was accepted as a research assistant at a preclinical brain imaging lab. Under whirling MRI machines that unravel the secrets of brain autonomy, I learned to apply medical imaging to another context—investigating the neuroplasticity of adolescent rats. Over the summer, my eyes were opened to the potential of neuroscience in transforming patient outcomes. 

I continued to pursue my developing interest in neuroscience through a graduate-level course, where I learned about the prominence of congenital disorders in developing countries. As I prepared for a presentation on neural tube defects, I discovered the devastating effects of holoprosencephaly, a fetal developmental disorder often linked to maternal folate deficiency in developing countries. As I sifted through articles, the haunting images of affected children brought me to a heartbreaking realization that much of their suffering could have been prevented with adequate resources and healthcare. 

This was the day I knew that I wanted to be a neurosurgeon. 

Neuroscience is not just about understanding the brain, but bringing hope to those in need. My ultimate goal is to serve as a doctor without borders, and I know my next step as a neuroscience major will equip me with the tools to transform vision into reality. 
