Prompt: Describe the most significant challenge you’ve faced and the steps you’ve taken to overcome this challenge. How has this challenge affected your academic achievement?

Content: At the age of 7, tics (spontaneous muscle twitches and random vocal sounds) started to characterize my behavior, causing irritation and even mockery from others. Living abroad in Shanghai, where tics were heavily stigmatized, kids would imitate me. 
This condition? Tourette’s Syndrome.

Discouraged, I found solace by imagining myself in other people's shoes. Seeing someone else shouting arbitrarily would annoy me too. However, as I grew older, the symptoms got worse, and so did the reactions. My head would shake uncontrollably while studying, making it difficult to concentrate on tasks, especially reading. Diverting my attention, these random headshakes impacted my academic performance. At school, I was put in detention, and at the mall, people called me "psycho." In eighth grade, I did research on the disorder and discovered that exercise and vitamins might suppress the symptoms. Behavioral therapy suggested consciously preventing oneself from releasing tics, which made me even more stressed. All these methods failed to provide lasting relief, leaving me overwhelmed and frustrated.

For a fresh start, I lived with a host family in LA for freshman year and did online school. However, my tics resurfaced with increased force. Fearing that I would be ostracized in the US after going back to in-person school, I moved back to Taiwan to be with my family. There, I stumbled upon a particular solution: badminton. When I played this sport, my tics significantly decreased. It was a revelation. Immersed in something I loved, my mind ceased to fight against Tourette’s relentless assault, and my tics went away. I could spend entire afternoons playing badminton, relishing the joy of sweat, free of shakes.

Inspired by this newfound freedom, I focused less on fretting and more on my academic pursuits. Free of fear, I immersed myself in school and developed a genuine love for learning, which became the most meaningful achievement of all. I even started tutoring my peers in biology and math. Now, I want to become a doctor to both embrace Tourette’s as a natural phenomenon and to find methods to mitigate the impact of such disorders on myself and others.
