Prompt: What would you say is your greatest talent or skill? How have you developed and demonstrated that talent over time?

Content: "Don't you need sheet music?" asked my friend Nick as we practiced our duet. In that moment, I realized that even though I had never relied on sheet music, always playing from memory, that wasn't the case for most people.

Memory had always been my strength: memorizing 198 sample questions a night in preparation for an exam was normal for me, and I had assumed it was for everyone else too. As long as I applied a fair amount of concentration while learning something, it usually only took me one try. The Storming of the Bastille occurred on July 14, 1789 was firmly imprinted in my mind until well beyond the end of the semester after just one class about the French Revolution. Recall like this was handy, but what I've found even more valuable is my ability to recall my past mistakes, and so, learn from them.

Austin's and my science fair project using Gel Electrophoresis was due to be presented in just hours when we realized we were out of batteries. We were doomed: it was late at night in a remote area and we didn't have enough current to run through the two wires that powered our machine. We were exhausted and ready to give up when I remembered a project from elementary school. At the time, we had to light up a small bulb with a fixed number of batteries and wires. I remembered the feeling of disappointment from failing to come up with a solution; but just as vividly, I remembered my teacher explaining parallel vs series circuits right after. Series circuits created more voltage, but parallel circuits created more current. What we needed now was more current - I reconfigured our wires, and our gel electrophoresis machine turned on.

We went to sleep calm that night, knowing we would have something at least functional for the competition the next day. My great memory rescued and saved me and Austin, and even more so when our project won 'Most Valuable Biology Project' at the fair.
