Prompt: Think about an academic subject that inspires you. Describe how you have furthered this interest inside and/or outside of the classroom.

Content: "What is the equation for a circle?"
My teacher posted a question before the class was dismissed. Being an eighth grader then, this became the one thing that troubled me for the day, as my textbook itself simply could not provide the answer to this question: I went on a math spree where all I thought about was equations and circles. Eventually, my light-bulb moment appeared when the Pythagorean theorem popped into my mind, and a sense of accomplishment came to me when I successfully derived the equation of a circle. In fact, this rather simple question in my algebra class set off an enlightening journey into the world of math.

I have always had a natural curiosity when it comes to numbers. To me, it is like solving a jigsaw puzzle where I pick up my knowledge piece by piece and place them together to see the whole picture of problems and come up with solutions. Moreover, while the derivation of a circle equation demonstrated to me the unimaginable possibilities of utilizing math, I began to develop a profound interest in the subject and became motivated to take all the challenging courses that involved math offered at my school.

To my surprise, I fell further into math when I expanded my puzzle-solving into computer science and physics. During these courses, it was fascinating to see the interconnectedness between subjects, where different equations come together and explain to me the numerous natural phenomena. I vividly recall when calculating the unknown values of current and voltages in the circuit, where I picked up my knowledge of matrices from linear algebra and placed it together with Kirchhoff's laws, and the answer to the question became more than obvious, whereas in programming, mathematical logic is the key to solving complex problems and making efficient programs. 

Through various math-related courses, while enhancing my knowledge of solving numerical equations, applying different mathematical methods taught me the numerous possibilities of solving a single question, allowing me to better understand the world around me and giving me the ability to attempt to solve problems and provide solutions.
