Prompt: Discuss an accomplishment, event, or realization that sparked a period of personal growth and a new understanding of yourself or others.

Content: In 11th grade, my mother's friend, who is a pastor at the only Baptist Church in Jibei (a small island off the west coast of Taiwan), mentioned they had run out of funds to help underprivileged children get their education. At the time, I had just developed a passion for business and was itching to create my own brand. I founded the Charity Shop, an online business dedicated to selling off miscellaneous items my family gathered over the years. I thought I could donate the proceeds to help the pastor; that way, I could do something I loved while also helping a family friend.

After sending them my first paycheck, I began to wonder what kind of people received my scholarship and if my money could truly help them, so I flew alone to Jibei over summer vacation. 

The bright blue ocean stretched beneath me, sparking my curiosity about life away from the city. Upon arriving by boat, I was struck by the absence of traffic lights, the carefree scooter riders without helmets, and the scarcity of cars. The landscape lacked tall buildings, and the entire island was devoid of supermarkets and department stores. Growing up in Hsinchu, where the tech industry is booming and the buildings are rarely shorter than several floors, I found it refreshing but unsettling to see an uninterrupted horizon line stretch across my field of vision.

On my first night, the lady who ran the family hotel left to collect drinkable water from a dedicated water station. It opened my eyes to how inconvenient life can be in the remote areas of Taiwan. The next day, when I visited the only convenience store on Jibei, I noticed their female hygiene products were severely lacking in selection and overpriced. I realized for the first time the limited scope of my worldview. I grew up in a comfortable bubble and it had just shattered.

That evening, after I met with the children who received my scholarship money, the pastor shared each of their stories with me. Many of the children struggled with gambling fathers, absent parents, and poverty. These circumstances made it more difficult for them to focus on school and create opportunities for themselves. There was only one girl in recent years who escaped the Jibei cycle of poverty. Despite losing her father and having a suicidal mother, she studied hard and earned over $6,000 USD in scholarships for college. Though her relatives gambled it away, she was able to pursue her education away from the island thanks to donations from the church. 

I never knew there were additional challenges brought by financial and familial instability. I learned that some of my peers have to face significant personal hurdles, which actively prevent them from academic success. It is not for lack of effort that many of them fail: rather, forces I had not even known existed are actively working against them. With this new perspective in mind, I came to the conclusion that funding education can help the children on the island transcend the cycle of poverty: my donations are useful to alleviate their financial insecurities so they can focus on studying. 

With this new understanding of the challenges faced by underprivileged students, I am even more determined to recreate the strong sense of community, support, and warmth that the church fostered. I want to become a house that provides fire and hot meals during a snowstorm and welcomes everyone indiscriminately. The spaces I create are to help people find solace and collective strength. Improving myself and the community around me, I want to promote a positive cycle of mutual help and respect, so that more people can become shelters for those in need. College is, I hope, a stepping stone toward this goal of broadening my perspectives and pursuing a profession that enriches myself and society alike.
