Prompt: Discuss an accomplishment, event, or realization that sparked a period of personal growth and a new understanding of yourself or others.

Content: Four years ago, I couldn’t have imagined myself wearing an ugly khaki uniform, sitting on a log starting a fire from scratch. The thought of that uniform gave me goosebumps. Little did I know that it was going to spark a period of personal growth and an inner realization for me.
Back then, I was like most boys: we liked to act cool, be on the cutting edge. If everyone was going to the movies with their friends, I was doing that too. I even started playing the game PUBG because everyone else was, despite not enjoying it at all. My grades suffered as a result, but I was convinced that if I didn’t, I wouldn’t be cool, wouldn’t have friends, and would be worthless. 
My dad – not a middle schooler – obviously did not care about such things. Having grown up on a farm, he thought I wasted too much time with gadgets in our tech-filled city. So, when my friend from elementary school visited us to recruit for the Boy Scouts, my dad and I had opposite reactions: his face lit up and eyes opened wide, while a bad feeling spread throughout my entire body. It was like he had been waiting for this moment, whereas all I could think of was: scouting? What a lame thing.
I didn’t even get the chance to resist, though. My dad dragged me to the very next Saturday Boy Scouts meeting. Like a student attending a lecture on a complex topic they have no prior knowledge of, I sat through the whole thing questioning why I was there. Even worse, it was all in English, and I was too embarrassed to speak out loud. I hated everything.
A few weeks later, my mood was only souring as raindrops pattered on my dad’s car and the radio wailed sad classical music. I could only think about how lame I looked in my uniform as we drove further and further into the middle of nowhere. When we finally arrived at Nowhere, it was already 6 and the sun had set. Getting out of the car, I immediately sneezed as the cold wrapped its arms around me. Then I heard my name.
 The call had come from a group of boys sitting around a campfire, all waving at me. Looking at them, I thought the uniforms actually looked good in the forest, and suddenly, I felt a little less embarrassed about wearing mine. As I took my place among them and joined the conversation, they seemed like me: teenage boys who wanted to be cool and liked. But there was also something that was different between them. It was the thing that had made me so resistant and worried instead of taking the chance to laugh and make new friends. It was the thing that made them seem so cool and at ease in those dark woods.
 It was confidence. I realized then— it was all confidence. The reason why I thought Boy Scouts was so humiliating was because I lacked confidence in myself. For a confident man, what mattered most was how you viewed yourself.
Four years later, I’ve become one of the most experienced scouts in the troop. Since committing to the scouts, I have tried to live the life that I want and do things that I like rather than just what is popular. It hasn’t always been easy: I lost a lot of attention and friends after I tried to live more confidently and truthfully. But I know the friends who stuck with me through it all are true. There are still times when I find myself falling back into old habits, choosing things because they seem popular, and I want to fit in.
Mostly, though, I’m proud to don the uniform and teach the younger kids how they, too, can have the courage just to be themselves.





