Prompt: The lessons we take from obstacles we encounter can be fundamental to later success. Recount a time when you faced a challenge, setback, or failure. How did it affect you, and what did you learn from the experience?

Content: “I am disappointed.” One of the people I cared most about shook his head as I approached him after the race. His words imprinted into my mind. 
 
I joined the swimming team in 7th grade to keep a childhood hobby alive. My teammates, however, had all started in elementary school and were all national and regional champions—much due to Coach Chang, who always held everyone to high standards. It was immediately clear how behind I was. However, Coach especially looked out for me, working overtime to instruct me on swimming techniques. In just a year, I rapidly improved, and Coach Chang felt I was ready for a regional competition. I was excited for my first competition; most of all, it was time to pay back my coach by doing well.
 
The competition pool was much larger than the one I usually trained at. Seeing the other athletes made my legs quiver: they were all taller, stronger, fitter than me. The pressure was palpable. With the blow of a whistle, I was stunned on land; with those first few seconds of delay, I’d completely ruined my first-ever competition. Getting out of the pool and seeing Coach standing there with his arms crossed over his chest and legs firmly planted on the ground sent shivers down my spine; his shoulders were tense, and his gaze was piercing. That is when Coach told me the words I would never forget. 
 
I did not return to training the next day. My phone was filled with unread messages from my swim mates asking where I’d been; I sealed myself in my room, staring into the abyss as pieces of the competition played over in my head. My love for swimming retreated as those three words echoed in my brain. Suddenly, my phone buzzed: it was Coach. I ended the call. A few seconds later, Coach called again. I reluctantly picked up, and there were no harsh words, no criticisms. Instead, he told me his story.

He had trained since he was a toddler, always putting swimming before everything else. But one day, he had a blowout argument with his father. Only later did he realize what an advantage the extreme training, harsh words, and isolation his father put him through were. However, even if Coach wanted to swim again, his body had already passed its prime. Coach said, “Giving up is never an option if you want to achieve something great; by the time you start regretting, it might be too late.” His words were an epiphany: I no longer wanted to be the quitter I was.
 
The next day, I woke up at five and went straight to training. I spent approximately five hours each day in the pool. For a year, no matter how sore my muscles were, how cold the weather was, or how infected my pink eye was, my determination to train remained resolute. 

Finally, the annual swimming competition came again. This time, I had experience, confidence, and skills built over two years. With the blow of a whistle, I leaped into the bone-shriveling water. My mind was focused: there was only the water and me. With the blink of an eye, I touched the finishing wall. I looked around me, and seeing no one, I knew I had finished first in my group. When I looked at the timer and saw I had finally beaten my personal best record by almost five seconds, I leaped out of the water with tears in my eyes and gave Coach a big hug. Words can't describe how grateful I was to be able to return the dedication and patience Coach had shown me.
 
That was the second moment imprinted in my mind forever: Coach Chang’s look of pride as I climbed out of the pool. It was the greatest proof of the power of perseverance, something I won’t ever let go of.
 
