Prompt: Tell us why you decided to apply to the University of Wisconsin-Madison. In addition, please include why you are interested in studying the major(s) you have selected. If you selected undecided please describe your areas of possible academic interest.
Content: “Ah! So this is the root of the problem!” I exclaimed to Mom with a disassembled motherboard, hard drive, and graphic card lying around me.

Just like that, my first encounter with engineering came when I was in eighth grade with my attempt to fix my mom’s laptop. Throughout that week, my screen was constantly filled with YouTube videos that introduced complex hardware functions inside computers. Day and night, I constantly disassembled and reassembled the device, digging into the root cause. In fact, it didn’t take me long to figure out that the device malfunction was due to a dead hard disk drive (HDD). However, I was not satisfied with simply replacing the old HDD, especially after learning the features of a solid-state drive (SSD)—a more robust and effective type of storage component—from one of the online tutorials. To carry out my intended upgrade, I investigated if an SSD could be used with an HDD adapter and eventually bought an SSD-to-HDD converter, leading to a “life-saving” moment for my mom’s laptop while igniting my passion for hands-on problem-solving as an engineer.

Yet, growing up in the high-tech center of Taiwan, I happened never to get enough of innovative technology and development. With most of my relatives being engineers in the semiconductor industry, my interest in the field of advanced nanotechnology that we use in indispensable digital devices was further fostered when work was once again brought to the dinner table or another family session. Meanwhile, my curiosity about the applications of electrical equipment motivated me to take Advanced Placement courses in physics and computing to better understand the field of electrical engineering. Moreover, to get a better view of the real-world applications of integrated circuits, I took up the opportunity to intern at a spectral chip company. During my time there, I dealt with sophisticated electronics, such as the Pleroma Mini Spectrometer and HG-1 Mercury Argon Calibration Source, to identify poor-performing spectral chips by looking at whether their signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) level reaches the required number through running tests. Overall, this experience not only exposed me to the intricacies of handling chips, integrating them into electronic devices, and running simulations but also enlightened me on the vital role of computational tools in modern chip testing and design, furthering my understanding of the application of high-end chips and my passion for related fields.

At UW-Madison, with my aspiration to make advancements in sustainable chip design solutions for higher data transmission efficiency, I hope to drive into the studies of electrical engineering through major core courses, as well as prepare myself for a future career in the semiconductor industry with a solid foundation through advanced electives, including “ECE 445 Semiconductor Physics and Devices” and “ECE 549 Integrated Circuit Fabrication Laboratory.” In addition, to further facilitate my goal while putting the knowledge I will learn into practice, I wish to work under Professor Azadeh Davoodi to research the topic of explainable machine learning for better VLSI chip design. I am also interested in Assistant Professor Chirag Gupta’s research on optoelectronic devices due to my previous internship experience at the spectral chip company. I hope to gather more insight into how these optoelectronic devices could serve as the backbone of clean and green solutions and, from there, develop a theme for my “ECE 491 Senior Design Project” after further exploration of various topics related to sustainable design while adapting to the needs of solutions for innovative applications such as AI.

Beyond the academic setting, UW-Madison provides an extensive array of extracurricular student organizations that would enable me to persist in following the interests that shape my identity and perspectives. Through joining The Badger Herald as a newspaper editor for sports or science and involving myself in the Badgers Men's Swimming & Diving team, I am excited to continue my passion from high school to express myself while striding forward for the better.



