Prompt: Tell us why you would like to attend the University of Wisconsin–Madison. In addition, please include why you are interested in studying the major(s) you have selected. If you selected undecided, please describe your areas of possible academic interest.

Content: Through the Aspiring Scholars Directed Research Program (ASDRP), I have had the opportunity to explore biosensing and the filtration and detection of targeted molecules, which is beneficial for developing technologies for the early detection of any diseases in general and also for innovating new treatments or personalized medicine. This made me realize that my research can improve social welfare, driving me to study biology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison (UWM). To prepare for advanced research, I delved into how each enzyme functions and the action potential process; experimenting in the electrophoresis lab, I found that DNA is not only special because of the different nucleotide sequences but also the variance in length. Building on my AP Biology foundation, I developed a diffusion model in which we can put a blockade in the middle and control the diffusion of fluorescein molecules as an ASDRP group leader under the guidance of a professor. At UWM, I intend to refine my research and interpersonal skills through the Biocore program to gain more experience via lectures and laboratory lectures. Outreach opportunities like the Center for Leadership and Involvement will also allow me to practice my leadership skills, including communication. Additionally, I am interested in The Cellular and Molecular Biology of Stress Summer Research Program, a full-time biology research program where I can acquire knowledge about data analysis and continue independent research. With a specific research emphasis on the lipid bilayer, this program focuses on how cells detect and respond to stress, making it a great opportunity to continue and further my research on biosensing. As a biology tutor who guides underclassmen through their first or second year of high school, I would give my students a lecture about the materials, like the four types of macromolecules. Then, I would help them with their homework and teach them new concepts as we engage in games like Kahoot! when reviewing the questions. When my students were confused about the difference between saturated and unsaturated fat, I drew the structures of both kinds of fat with online or school complementary readings to enhance their understanding. During the process, I gained critical insights into maintaining a supportive classroom environment while transforming abstract textbook materials into comprehensible concepts. At UWM, I aim to participate in the Precollege Enrichment Opportunity Program for Learning Excellence to continue volunteering to mentor students in subjects like biology, which I am passionate about and relatively familiar with, and offer other students in need approaches to prepare for college courses and challenges. My experience as a tutor has strengthened my communication and problem-solving skills, which are essential for being a successful biologist. As a group project leader in my research program, I have been an independent and thoughtful researcher who developed strategies for myself to achieve the end goal of biosensing. At UWM, I picture myself helping others and being able to learn more essential skills and knowledge of biology, the subject I am passionate about.
