Prompt: Our families and communities often define us and our individual worlds. Community might refer to your cultural group, extended family, religious group, neighborhood or school, sports team or club, co-workers, etc. Describe the world you come from and how you, as a product of it, might add to the diversity of the University of Washington.

Content: A sense of accomplishment bubbled in me as Jaden showed me his A+ for the biology final. I was delighted to see Jaden’s growth as he worked diligently throughout the year. In the last semester, we worked together to research different types of pollution and ways to address them, such as turning off lights to reduce light pollution. By helping him, I also learned to maximize school resources to gather detailed topic-related information easily.

To start my designed lesson plans, I would give my students a lecture about the materials to lay
the groundwork. Afterward, I would help them with their homework and teach them new concepts we find in the homework as we proceed. Lastly, I tested them on the topics with games like Kahoot! and reviewed questions they got wrong. Seeing how students gradually improved their grades after my extensive and repeated explanation, I learned that I should always try to
incorporate various teaching methods to aid in my students’ comprehension. For example, I also
developed a detailed to-do list with time intervals, indicating the specific use of each hour at night; this improved Jaden’s time management in navigating unfinished tasks.

As a teacher, I renewed my knowledge while enhancing my patience and teaching skills, including curriculum design, public speaking, and self-confidence; I was happy to see my students grow. At the University of Washington, I will continue to help and tutor others through programs like biology study groups under the Center for Learning and Undergraduate Enrichment (CLUE) tutoring or residence hall tutoring and to make the school environment a more welcoming and supportive place.

