Most students choose their intended major or area of study based on a passion or inspiration that’s developed over time – what passion or inspiration led you to choose this area of study? (300 words)


Ever since my father gifted me Rich Dad, Poor Dad for my 13th birthday, I have been inspired by economics. I signed up for a macroeconomics course the next summer and fell in love with how straightforward it was to put everyday phenomena into simple numbers and procedures, like having a second pair of eyes to see how societies work. I self-studied for the AP exams in micro- and macro- and beyond, diving into mixed-equilibrium and Bayesian games, and eventually bringing home the silver medal in the International Economics Olympiad.

In spite of my achievements, it stunned me how much more my father understood about economics than I did. Although he dropped out of high school, he went on to find success as an entrepreneur, starting with nothing but two siblings and a boatload of debt. Whenever we discussed economic news and market trends, he taught me lessons that I would never find in the textbook, from logical leaps in my views on the labor market to forecasting a depression months before the pandemic. These conversations influenced me to become more interested in business. In addition, the more I read theoretical works, the more convinced I became of the importance business holds in society. For example, Schumpeter’s theory of creative destruction is put into action by none other than businesses; by championing efficiency, the market allocates resources in a way that maximizes productivity and promotes constant innovation. 
	
As I explored business through online internships at Forage, becoming treasurer of a fundraising group for the Yu-An Foundation, and founding the Investing lab at my high school, I found that the practical application made me champion it over theoretical economics. I will not be satisfied merely studying the effects of innovation; I desire to make an impact myself.

