Consider your application as a whole. What do you personally want to emphasize about your application for the admission committee’s consideration? Highlight something that’s important to you or something you haven’t had a chance to share. Tell us, don’t show us (no websites please).


My father told me that, when he bought our house, he could see nothing but farmland in every direction. As I grew up, our community was redeveloped into a technology district, and I enrolled in the newly built international school on a scholarship. Unlike my friends’ parents, who all had advanced degrees, my parents never graduated from high school or learned English. However, my school was incredibly supportive; peers volunteered to practice English with me, and teachers provided hours of extra help. At the same time, I became a strong autodidactic learner. I practiced my English skills by translating TED videos, self-studied for the AP exams in micro- and macroeconomics, and eventually brought home the silver medal in the International Economics Olympiad.

I came to realize that success is founded upon two equally important pillars: access to resources, and confidence. This perspective inspires me to do everything I can to pass them on. In MUN club, I mentored dozens of students one-on-one to improve their stage confidence, sharing my challenges with public speaking to mentees with similar struggles. In 9th grade, I founded Investing Lab to teach students with no experience in economics how good trades stem from a clear sight of the market and its interplay with the overarching economy. Additionally, when my brother and I saw on social media that COVID-19 and the rise in demand for online learning had led to a computer shortage at the local immigrant center, we gathered spare parts and broken computers from our community and found a mentor to help us build computers from scratch. 

I will always be aware that it was the generosity of others that helped me overcome my familial disadvantage. I am dedicated to ensuring that people’s backgrounds do not hinder their deserved opportunity to learn.