

Our families and communities often define us and our individual worlds. Community might refer to your cultural group, extended family, religious group, neighborhood or school, sports team or club, co-workers, etc. Describe the world you come from and how you, as a product of it, might add to the diversity of the University of Washington.*(300)
 
​I’m proud to be senior patrol leader of Troop 99 in the Far East Council of the Boy Scouts of America (BSA). BSA is a true global community: at the recent jamboree in Nepal, scouts came from over 50 countries; Christians, Hindus, and Aetheists like me; those okay with curry for 6 days straight (Indian and local Nepalese scouts) and those not (American scouts). 
 
​​As scouts, we live by the Scout Law: follow the rules, help other people, stay strong. The scout motto tells us to be prepared and the slogan tells us to do good daily. All the scouts were living out these ideals during the Nepal campout, checking for leeches on each other’s backs or preparing rain gear at the first trace of thunderstorm clouds. Everything worked well because we all knew what to do: provide help to others without hesitation while leaving no trace on the environment. Despite our many different backgrounds, it was amazing to see the same spirit running through us all. 
 
In my troop, my job is to cultivate that spirit by ensuring that everything is running properly and keeping an eye on every scout so that no one falls behind or feels isolated. Even if BSA is huge, spreading all over the world, every troop is like a tiny gear: crucial to the workings of the bigger machine. I do my best to keep my troop well-oiled and connected to the global community by upholding our shared principles: respecting and supporting one another all the time.
 
​My experiences in BSA have shaped me into a leader who understands the strength of diversity. I believe my perspective and commitment to fostering inclusivity will contribute to the diversity of the University of Washington.



