Prompt: We are looking for peacemakers, changemakers, global citizens, boundary breakers, creatives and innovators – Choose one quote from the following and let us know why it inspires you; or share a short quote and person not on our list who inspires you, and include why.
Content: “We’re used to people telling us there are no solutions, and then creating our own. So we did what we do best. We reached out to each other, and to our allies, and we mobilized across communities to make change, to benefit and include everyone in society.” Judith Heuman, 2022 NYU Commencement Address

My half-awake eyes widened when I saw the Facebook post. The spike in demand for online learning during the pandemic had led to a shortage of computers at the local immigrant assistance center. I dragged my brother over, and we recognized our shadows on the screen: two first-generation Taiwanese, yearning for something so basic yet out of reach. We went to the local electronics store, only to find that all of their computers were already pre-ordered. However, this setback only made us more determined, and we decided that there was no better way than to build computers ourselves.

We reached out to our friends, and they reached out to their friends, asking for donations of computers beyond repair. Soon, my locker was bulging with cardboard boxes of old machines and spare parts. A teacher at school helped us find a mentor to guide us through the assembly. The path was littered with mistakes: my brother spent 10 minutes trying to jam a stick of RAM without removing its protective cover; our mentor facepalmed when he saw my “morbid” wiring. Yet, before long, we had built our first computer. And then another. And another. Eventually, we completely fulfilled the needs of not one, but two local immigrant centers. Recognizing language barriers, we also filmed a no-talk instructional video demonstrating basic functions and Windows 10 installation. Judith Heuman’s quote inspires me because it is true: when we work together as a community, we can make the impossible into reality.

