Prompt: The personal statement is your opportunity to tell us who you are and how your life experiences may contribute to your success in the nursing program and/or to the nursing profession. Things to consider when writing your story: - Make it personal. Provide us with enough information that we have a good sense of your life experiences and how those experiences have shaped your thoughts, perspectives, and will help you be successful in nursing school. - Keep the focus on you. - Describe the knowledge, the skills, and/or experiences that helped you persevere through an unexpected situation, helped you overcome a barrier, challenged you to choose a different pathway or go against social norms, encouraged you to advocate for change, or helped you to successfully accomplish a goal. - Make a connection to nursing and/or your nursing school success. Using the life experience(s) described, share how the experience(s) will affect your ability to be successful in nursing school or will drive your goals for your nursing practice. You can write about one life experience that best tells your story or multiple experiences. You are encouraged to proofread your work and allow time for revisions. 
 
Content: I made a great friend this semester, J, a fellow buckeye who inspired me to dig deep into my motivation for helping others. 
I used to feel incredibly awkward around wheelchair users, often stuck between the desire to help and the consideration of whether they wanted it. I’ve often heard the indignant “I don’t need your help,” but still felt a sense of sympathy urging me to act. This was how I felt when I saw the NSPIRE weekly newsletter asking for volunteers to help a C4 quadriplegic student with their foley bag. 
During my initial meeting with J, he offered to help me keep track of my volunteer hours right after he said hi. I was so taken aback that I said I didn’t need them and immediately changed the subject. It made me feel sad that he thought I was there only to empty his bag, even worse when I confronted myself and realized I’d gone because I thought it’d help with my nursing application. I decided to go back the next week to get to know him a bit better, sharing stories of professors, exams, and roommates. I went back the next week, and the week after that, and by now I don’t need to “sign up” to help him anymore, I just text him whenever I’m around his building. 
Somewhere between all the meetings with J, something in me changed. The sympathy that had once motivated me morphed into excitement over a budding friendship. I started treating my trips to his building like making a short detour between classes to see a friend. Our conversations were rarely about his wheelchair, so it made me feel special when one day he confided in me about being uncomfortable with the automatic door button to his lab not working. I cracked a joke about making some changes to his chair and bulldozing the door down before assuring him that his labmates wouldn’t have minded. It was a small thing, but I was proud of myself for realizing why he decided to share. The old me would have been hyper focused on fixing the door ASAP and overlook the fact that what J cared more about was feeling uncomfortable. By his expression I could tell that my joke had worked–he’d felt awkward about asking for help opening the door all week and wanted to laugh it off. 
Befriending J taught me more about myself than I could ever achieve on my own. I now realize that my passion for helping people isn’t fueled by sympathy, it’s motivated by my desire to create a comfortable and supportive environment for those around me. My sense of fulfillment is the strongest when those I help feel safe enough to be vulnerable. This mindset will be my asset and infinite driving force in providing care for patients and their families mentally and physically. 

