
The University of Rochester motto of Meliora - or "ever better" - deeply integrates critical core values into all that we do. These core values of equity, leadership, integrity, openness, respect and accountability define not only who we are, but also who we hope to become. Please use the space below to highlight a time, creative idea or research experience when you put into action one or more of these characteristics in order to make yourself, your community or the world ever better. (250 word limit)

After several years of growing concern over the sheer volume of security vulnerabilities reported in web frameworks' update patches and GitHub repositories, I decided to investigate the problem myself. At Pioneer, I focused my research on XSS attacks, one of the most common online security exploitations; they occur when hackers insert malicious code into a server in order to steal or manipulate users' data. I found that, to prevent these attacks, web engineers should stop relying on third party-hosted files - a common practice in the software industry- and should invest more in training beginner developers to implement basic XSS defense, which is easy in theory, but becomes more difficult as the size of applications increases.

In web engineering, "integrity" means that a file is the same when it arrives as when it was sent. This virtual "integrity" is integral to user trust in an application because it ensures the legitimacy of user data. What my research found was that integrity was also key to equity: security exploitations, minor or major alike, disproportionately harm under-resourced groups who lack access to security software and expert guidance on how to implement security procedures, such as enforcing HTTPS. The solution to XSS attacks is to invest in more server space and developer training: in other words, investing in integrity to increase equity. Protections to the Internet's transmission protocols, designed to prevent XSS attacks, can allow more people to browse the internet safely, without the risk of their data or machines becoming corrupted.
