Prompt: Describe a life event which you feel has prepared you to be successful in college.
Content: If I could recommend one place to visit in Taiwan, it would be the mangrove forest at Taijiang National Park. It is where I have gotten closest to nature. Boating through its green tunnels as a kid was a therapeutic experience. I felt like I was conversing directly with nature. However, one year, outside noise interrupted this dialogue. Dozens of dead fish littered the surface of the water, turning the once scenic tunnels into sepulchers. The culprit: fertilizer leakage.
This marred childhood memory was one of my first brushes with the often-fraught relationship between humanity and nature. It spurred a passion for keeping our planet safe and flourishing. I attended beach cleanings and advocated for the need of strong environmental measures. I also developed a strong academic interest for the interaction between nature and its human residents. This led me to compete in the Geography Olympiad and learn more about the impact of climate change and ways to alleviate it.
We inhabit a beautiful planet, and we are treating it poorly. However, we will be the ones who suffer for this mistreatment in the end. Climate change and environmental collapse will devastate us, but Earth will carry on. I want to keep our planet safe to preserve its nature beauty and to preserve ourselves. Once I am in college, I will keep exploring and experiencing the beauty of our planet and learning about how to keep that beauty alive. My conversation with nature will continue deep into the night.

Tell us about the person who has most impacted your life and why.*
Milutin Milanković not only shed light on the theorem of earth’s climatic pattern in millions of years of scale using Milankovitch Cycles, but he also brightened up my interest, earth science. This renowned Serbian geophysicist was the very first person to theorize climate change regarding the periods of how interaction between Earth and the Sun’s movement fluctuates. Of course, he didn’t just make inferences, but proved it with detailed evidence. 
Milanković found that the concentration of greenhouse gases is exceptionally high in certain layers of ice caps in Antarctica. With this in mind, he proceeded to calculate precise Earth's movement within the solar system and finally concluded the Milankovitch Cycles. Milanković is undoubtedly a well-famed scientist, but what really captivates me is how meticulous and logical he was when approaching science. While staying rational, at the instance, he was a man of bold hypotheses. His unconstrained and comprehensive thinking style definitely took astronomical and geological science to new heights.
	As one of the billion citizens under the influence of climate change, I want to follow the route of Milutin Milanković. I envision myself as a meticulous earth scientist driven by curiosity to explore the world. I aim not solely at acquiring an abundance of knowledge, but to execute them in feasible solutions to combat climate change. I look forward to inspiring hope, empowering communities, and safeguarding the future of our planet for the newborn generations.