Because we know that diversity benefits the educational experience of all students, the University of Maryland values diversity in all of its many forms.  This includes (but is not limited to) racial, socio-economic, gender, geographical, and sexual orientation. We are interested in hearing about your own individual life experiences.  In a few sentences, will you please describe how you have learned, grown, been inspired or developed skills through one or more components of diversity.*


I grew up in a conservative family that was also cross-strait: my father’s side is from mainland China, and my mother’s side is from Taiwan.  This meant I attended both public Taiwanese schools and private American schools. So, my life has felt like a constant juggling between 3 different cultures, systems of thinking, and learning philosophies. However, it also made me fluent in both Chinese and English, which allowed me to volunteer and teach lower-income students English every summer. I found great joy in helping those in need and, at the same time, developed a new hobby.  
With all of my relatives being devoted Buddhists except my mother being Christian, it was hard for me to comprehend the different practices of these religions at first. For example, during important Buddhist festivals, everyone except my mother holds an incense stick to worship. Through observing my mother and my Christian friends, I discovered they are extremely loyal to their religion, always reading the Bible, praying before eating, etc. For me, these actions are often viewed as excessive. However, by having more conversations with mom and my Christian friends, I learned to respect their beliefs and started attending church with them. 


With all of my relatives being devoted Buddhists except my mother being Christian, it was hard for me to comprehend the different practices of these religions at first. For example, when worshiping, we hold incense sticks and burn incense paper while my Christian friends sing hymns and say grace. There are hundreds of Gods in Buddhism, but only one in Christianity. Despite these differences, I get along with people of different religions well; I respect their religious practices as I understand these are just different ways people use to express their gratitude to god. This experience of diversity enabled me to accept the differences of people. 


With all of my relatives being devoted Buddhists except my mother being Christian, it was hard for me to comprehend the different practices of these religions at first. For example, when worshiping, we hold incense sticks and burn incense paper while my Christian friends sing hymns and say grace. There are hundreds of Gods in Buddhism, but only one in Christianity. Despite these differences, I understand these are just different ways people use to express their gratitude. Singing in fellowship can bring people together; so too can burning paper money. Religion can be a way to build community, and that is something every human can understand.