1. Describe how you plan to pursue your academic interests at USC. Please feel free to address your first- and second-choice major selections. (250 word limit)
First choice: Business
Second choice: Data Science

I am interested in applying AI in business. 
How much should AI be involved in decision-making processes?
What is the impact of AI on sustainability?
How technology influences the business environment
How do businesses decide which new technologies to adopt and when?
How can businesses pursue efficiency and profitability with new technologies without sacrificing customer experience? 

Neely center for ethical leadership and decision making (vision: “align emerging technology with ethical, human-centered values”)
Sub-area: AI and its implications for human coordination and decision-making

How can businesses use consumer data to identify new potential customers, meet unmet market needs (design products that people want but don’t exist yet), and retain existing customers and increase brand loyalty?

→ Next, transition from this to Business (dad gave The Snowball by Warren Buffett). 
→ At USC, I plan to pursue his interest through the joint AI/Business degree program because… [].

Business is a constantly evolving sector; as I was introduced to generative AI technologies, I have passionately observed how they fundamentally transformed traditional business models and strategies. USC’s Neely Center perfectly aligns with my goal of wielding emerging technology to foster more sustainable business practices, teaching me the various roles AI plays in company organization and decision-making processes.
-> Econ to Business to BUAI (background story)
-> Sees AI as inevitable trend
At USC, I am excited by the opportunity to conduct interdisciplinary, hands-on.

------

Note: Maybe more stuff, may return for further revision

I believe that the most important trend in business, both short- and long-term, is the integration of AI into everything. How can businesses use AI to pursue efficiency and profitability without sacrificing customer experience? What kind of role can AIs play in business strategy? And how can we minimize the impact on sustainability given the requirements of large-scale computation? 

To answer these questions, I plan to pursue USC’s unique AI for Business program (BUAI). The integrative classes on digital transformation and technology strategy, such as BUAD 112 and DSO 429, provide contact and experience with industry professionals at the forefront of this constantly evolving sector. I am also drawn to the major’s emphasis on Data Science, which is my second choice major. As Viterbi focuses heavily on engineering, I appreciate that business classes and peer discussions there are infused with a strong technological perspective. 

Outside of class, I would take every opportunity to get involved with the Experimental Learning Center, as my experiences in The Stock Market Game have made me realize I thrive in hands-on learning environments. Given the unique ethical challenges of AI in business, I also intend to get involved with research at the Neely Center, ideally starting as a research assistant in the AI Index longitudinal tracking survey. Finally, I would like to do internships via ELO and learn how AI is applied in realistic business contexts, anticipating and shaping the “far-reaching societal implications” of artificial intelligence.




