Prompt: Tell us why you would like to attend the University of Wisconsin–Madison. In addition, please include why you are interested in studying the major(s) you have selected. If you selected undecided please describe your areas of possible academic interest.

Content: I love rocks. My fascination started when I pushed a piece of pumice into a lake and saw it float. This contradicted everything I thought I knew. My curiosity was piqued and has only grown since. I have found that each rock has its own story. Together, they form an index of the history of our planet. It is a history defined by cycles, from the life cycles of the tiniest bugs to the movement of the plates and the shifting of the magnetic field. I am fascinated by my rock collection, these cycles, and everything else that makes up this planet of ours; I want to study and understand it all!
However, I do not only want to understand. I want to make our planet a better place to live by fighting climate change and preserving our environment. Tackling such daunting, complex issues will require expertise in a variety of intersecting fields. For that reason, I seek a program with an interdisciplinary focus and plenty of opportunity to branch out.
Moreover, I want to get my hands dirty. During the finals of the Geography Olympiad, I conducted field research for the first time. I trekked through various trails, local residences, and tourist spots in Xindian and examined how coal mining culture and fluvial erosion influenced local land use patterns. I loved studying the geology and erosion patterns up close. They revealed how natural forces can shape landscapes over time. Similarly, my treks along abandoned coal and copper mines revealed the impact of human activity on its environment. These experiences showed me the value of combining theoretical study with practical experience.
These fascinations, ambitions, and experiences have guided me to the Geography major at UW Madison. I am excited to further my study of our planet with courses like ‘Physical Systems of the Environment’, ‘Glacial and Pleistocene Geology’, and ‘Human Transformations of Earth Surface Processes’. Meanwhile, courses like ‘Global Warming: Science and Impacts’ and ‘Environmental Conservation’ perfectly attend to my desire to help preserve our planet. However, what really speaks to me is the diversity of approaches even within the program itself. I am excited to dip my toes into different fields like sociology, math, and critical theory with courses such as ‘Revolutions and Social Change’, ´Researching the City: Qualitative Strategies´, and ´Critical Indigenous Ecological Knowledges´. This is exactly the kind of academic breadth that I am looking for.
However, my interest in UW Madison goes well beyond its diverse course list. I am deeply intrigued by the research conducted by the faculty professors. I am especially interested in Professor Mason´s research into geomorphology and paleoenvironments. His studies on eolian and hillslope geomorphology in China has given me fascinating new insights into wind erosion and the way it shapes environments. I would love to participate in his study of paleoenvironments to trace wind patterns from millennia ago. Such research could improve our understanding of the correlations and differences in climate patterns during catastrophic climate conditions. This in turn could help us better grasp the possible effects of climate change today.
Finally, my interest in UW Madison is not limited solely to academics. As a passionate mountaineer, I am particularly interested in the student chapter of The Wildlife Society for its emphasis on wilderness and care for wildlife. The club´s enthusiasm for the outdoors and its regular hosting of professional speakers who share advice on future careers makes me excited to join their ranks. I already look forward to making new international friends through a shared love for outdoor activities and the environment.
UW Madison has everything I am looking for in my college career. Between the diverse courses and inspiring professors of its Geography major and its exciting extracurricular opportunities, I cannot think of a better place to continue my studies. I cannot wait to enrich my understanding of our planet and meet my fellow rock-loving Badgers!
