Prompt: Our families and communities often define us and our individual worlds. Community might refer to your cultural group, extended family, religious group, neighborhood or school, sports team or club, co-workers, etc. Describe the world you come from and how you, as a product of it, might add to the diversity of the University of Washington.

Content: Growing up, I would often labor away my summers in my second home—the teacher’s piano room—practicing for countless hours each day. From fiddling about with the piano at age five to participating in numerous regional competitions in high school, I have always had an affinity for the instrument. Initially striving for accuracy and eventually adding my own flair, I have cohabited each phase of my upbringing with a constant companion – music.

In high school, I decided to challenge myself in a different way. Instead of just performing, I volunteered to co-host my music school’s annual concert. This new position helped me realize the importance of creating a supportive and enriching environment for fledgling musicians to grow together. Realizing that students were often practicing alone in isolated time slots, I began to assign new students together with veteran musicians, coordinating performance schedules and organizing activities to foster a stronger sense of camaraderie. In doing so, we created a nurturing environment where students would feel comfortable seeking guidance from more experienced musicians, leading many to step outside their comfort zones, opting for more challenging pieces. The concert was ultimately a success, but the true achievement was seeing the students, who not long ago were total strangers, celebrating together with their new family. 

At UW, I am excited to extend my music inclusivity efforts to the Husky community. I am eager to join Music for Charity at the University of Washington, facilitating performances and connecting with peers to collaborate on charity work. Furthermore, I hope to join FIUTS, organizing events to continue building inclusive environments with my fellow international students. By utilizing my experiences in music and event organization, I hope to spark genuine connections, empowering myself and others to carry our talents beyond the stage and into the broader community.

