Prompt: Our families and communities often define us and our individual worlds. Community might refer to your cultural group, extended family, religious group, neighborhood or school, sports team or club, co-workers, etc. Describe the world you come from and how you, as a product of it, might add to the diversity of the UW.

Content: “Are you hiking solo? Nice job, young man!”
Elderly hikers in flip flops flying by on difficult trails and shouting encouragements is a uniquely Taiwanese phenomenon. Through countless hikes, I joined this community of freakishly fit seniors and learned many lessons along the way.
I did not start off my hiking career with a community mindset. I began solely focused on my personal achievements. I solo hiked a 10,000-foot mountain every two weeks and summited the ten highest peaks on the island. Only after two falls and a handful of conversations with fellow hikers did I begin to consider alternative joys of hiking. 
Once I started talking with the elderly hikers, my treks were transformed. They told me stories about Taiwan’s history that gave me a deeper understanding of the trails that had been paved by the generations before me. I learned that these paths did not simply connect point A to point B but reflected the rich history of our country. Climbing together with the seniors elevated my appreciation for history and nature to new heights.
I also discovered that climate change was no far-away threat. Even during my few years of hiking, I saw lush forests and meadows fall dry and barren. My senior hiking companions explained that these changes were merely the tip of the melting iceberg. This realization left me with the pressing need to take action to prevent further devastation.
My community of senior hikers taught me valuable lessons and granted me a new attitude towards people, history, and nature. I look forward to sharing what I learned with my new community at UW and making friends by exploring Washington’s natural beauty together. I might even come across a bright-eyed young hiker and tell them:
“Are you hiking solo? Nice job, young man!”.
